By the numbers, Sensors Converge 2023 was bigger than a year ago—an uptick after the problematic pandemic era-- but such numbers don’t reveal qualitative dimensions of the changing sensors and related electronics industry segments such as IoT and the impact of AI/ML that were present at the event.
According to event organizers, 220 companies exhibited at the Santa Clara Convention Center for the event June 20-22, and 5,000 people participated, an increase of roughly 10% over a year ago when the event was held at the nearby San Jose Convention Center. The 2023 event was the 38th time it has been held.
Some of the biggest chip and sensors makers (TDK, STMicroelectronics, Robert Bosch, Renesas, Arduino, Infineon, Murata, Powerfilm, Kore, NXP and more) exhibited while dozens of conference sessions explored themes that ranged from wireless harvesting to flexible, wearable sensors. A kickoff session on the state of the sensors industry attracted a standing room only crowd.
Keynote speakers such as Christian Peters at Robert Bosch described how sensors have been used to save lives in everything from airbags to tires to detect pressure loss. A WISE (Women in Sensor Engineering) keynote panel discussion included some frank talk by four women executives working with various femtech products that gather data about women’s health, from sexuality to pregnancy to menopause. Part of the frankest and most critical banter was about how medical research has for years relied on drug and device testing on men and not nearly enough on women.
And what electronics event could be staged without a mention of the continuing, but certainly improved, chip shortage? An elite panel discussed how a side-benefit of the pandemic and chip shortage was the chance to teach the US Congress and the public how chips basically run everything. Some panelists praised the passage of the US CHIPS Act a year ago, but then wondered how effective it will be compared to other countries' governmental support of the chip sector.
Despite such concerns, Sensors Converge 2023 also celebrated engineering prowess by big firms and startups alike, recognizing them in a special Best of Sensors Awards ceremony.
RELATED: 2023 Best of Sensors award winners announced at Sensors Converge
To generalize, the major themes of the event revolved around how tech involving wireless, sensors and edge computing come into connection with each other. That’s not just this reporter’s opinion, but also one shared by Shawn Luke at Digi-Key. "This show was sensors meets wireless meets edge," he said. Luke's an engineer with double engineering degrees as well an MBA who said he recently started at Digi-Key in an unusual job basically researching what’s new in the ever- expanding electronics field. (“Hopefully I’m done proving myself to myself,” he said, in reference to his degrees.)
Luke has spent time trying to help Digi-Key buyers find products online and settled on a sort of Dewey Decimal system for electronics that largely divides the electronics parts universe (as parts distributor Digi-Key sees it) into four parts: power, sensors, wireless and microcontrollers.For the category of sensors, he has two buckets: environmental and orientation/presence. “That covers it,” he said. (Who’s arguing?)
Without doubt, the long continuing debate over using sensors and processors at the edge (instead of pushing data to the cloud) was alive and well at Sensors Converge. TDK was showing various applications of its InvenSense Smart Bug 2.0, which recently emerged three years after the original version. In addition to stacking multiple sensors and wireless capability in a small package, TDK has added machine learning. When the bug is applied to exercise equipment, as TDK demonstrated, it can interpret the exercise movement of the user; for example, to detect deep knee bends, etc.
SmartBug 2.0 also won a Best of Sensors award in the data acquisition and analytics category, while TDK USA CEO Jim Tran was named executive of the year.
This kind of technology was an example of how multiple vendors are helping product makers avoid sending data to the cloud. Other TDK technology is being developed to allow several simple voice commands (up, down, off, on) to be used with devices without a need to connect to the cloud.
Aside from the raw technology prowess on display, a career desk attracted young engineers and students who interacted with college recruiters and exhibitors.
RELATED: Sensors Converge: Young engineers on the hunt for future jobs
Next year’s Sensors Converge will return to Silicon Valley on June 18-20, 2024, at the Santa Clara Convention Center.
Other related coverage from Sensors Converge 2023:
Will the CHIPS Act be effective? Concerns aired at Sensors Converge
A partnership conceived at Sensors Converge turns into a wireless power dynamo
GyroPalm hawks wrist wearables for industrial uses to embedded engineers at Sensors Converge
Security for embedded devices is ignored by too many companies, expert says
Sensors Converge 2023 kicks off with tech panoply

Like many historic business initiatives, this one started as a simple idea sketched on the back of a restaurant napkin. The location of the restaurant — Seattle — is only significant because of its proximity to the headquarters of another iconic global enterprise. That seed of an idea soon blossomed into a full-fledged partnership between two industry leaders, ultimately producing a platform that I believe will profoundly change the way we experience personal transportation.
That’s why I’m thrilled to announce the general availability (GA) of BlackBerry IVY®, BlackBerry’s cloud-connected automotive AI platform, co-developed with Amazon Web Services (AWS). This ground-breaking platform is designed to enable automakers to rapidly deploy innovative third-party applications that enhance the in-vehicle experience for drivers and passengers alike — without compromising safety, security, or consumer privacy.
For the past three years, BlackBerry and AWS worked relentlessly to build this game-changing new platform, which accelerates automakers’ software-defined vehicle (SDV) journeys, reduces their R&D complexities, and helps them achieve faster time-to-market for introducing exciting new experiences and services.
“Our co-development work with BlackBerry represents a significant achievement in automotive software development, and will open the door to what’s possible in our new era of software-defined mobility when companies innovate together,” said Wendy Bauer, general manager for Automotive and Manufacturing at AWS. “With the power of data, these customers will be able to unlock insights necessary to connect to their consumer, create the data-driven features to stand apart on the road, and further the industry on its evolutionary path.”
Faster Data-Driven Insights
Those of us who have labored together to meet this important milestone in IVY’s™ product roadmap share a common belief that automakers and software developers are in dire need of intuitive tools. Tools that quicken and simplify the development of new in-vehicle applications and connected services — without requiring deep domain experience in automotive-specific skills or safety requirements.
It’s our vision that BlackBerry IVY will foster and unlock a diverse digital automotive ecosystem of partners and monetizable solutions on a global scale, similar to what happened in the mobile device space. The major impact we foresee is tremendous acceleration in the pace of innovation for new in-vehicle services, across multiple vehicle brands, makes, and models.
Of course, Rome wasn’t built in a day (and neither is a new car design) but our IVY general availability release represents a very big step. It’s worth reflecting on the journey that we’ve taken to get to this point.
Since the initial announcement in December 2020, BlackBerry has launched several initiatives to develop a valuable ecosystem of partners and a myriad of new, exciting AI-powered solutions using the data insights of BlackBerry IVY.
Building a Rich Partner Ecosystem
In March 2021, we launched our BlackBerry IVY Innovation Fund to invest in start-ups that leverage BlackBerry IVY insights, with a view to expand the breadth and depth of our ecosystem with innovative transportation solutions for automakers.
We’ve since closed investments with four disruptive start-ups, each with a compelling value proposition that promises to make life easier for drivers, and unlock monetization for automakers. Our initial partners are Car IQ for in-vehicle payments, Electra Vehicles for AI-driven battery management applications, Compredict for predictive analytics, and CerebrumX for data-driven insights on vehicle and driver performance.
In addition to our IVY Innovation Fund portfolio companies, we’ve continued to seek out and meet with leading companies from across the transportation and mobility industries, helping to foster the growth of a wide selection of vertical-specific services and automotive applications leveraging BlackBerry IVY.
I’m pleased to share that our outreach efforts have been well received, and our network of IVY-enabled partners has since blossomed into a rich ecosystem of third-party applications from nearly 30 businesses. That application ecosystem includes areas as diverse as electrification, e-commerce, safety and security, vehicle lifecycle and operations, and the in-cabin experience.
The diversity of these solutions illustrates that the unique benefits of BlackBerry IVY can provide value across many parts of the transportation industry.
Taking IVY for a Test Drive
Providing a compelling platform and a vibrant ecosystem of turnkey solutions means nothing if the applications exist in a vacuum. And so, a big part of IVY’s journey to date has been getting out on the road, crisscrossing the globe, and meeting with customers and partners to showcase these development efforts, share our vision of IVY’s potential, and to better understand the key pain points automakers are looking to solve.
At what has become ground zero for automotive innovation, we used the most recent CES® this past January to demonstrate several BlackBerry IVY-powered applications that were pre-integrated and deployed on commercial automotive platforms. These integrations were based on extensive customer input and included the following:
Bosch’s information domain compute platform deployed within a Jeep Grand Cherokee, showing innovative AI-based solutions for predictive maintenance of brake and tire wear, powered by Compredict, as well as secure in-vehicle payments powered by CarIQ
PATEO’s intelligent digital cockpit, highlighting an EV battery management solution powered by Electra Vehicles, illustrating how IVY insights help power personalized solutions for battery range and driver profiling, alleviating “range anxiety”
A virtualized BlackBerry IVY platform solution, powered by AWS Graviton processors, demonstrating how automakers can rapidly develop machine-learning-based automotive solutions for scene detection and cybersecurity use cases
In what was another major milestone for us — and an important validation for IVY’s attractiveness as a platform — we also announced that Dongfeng Motor, one of China’s largest automakers, selected a BlackBerry IVY-powered PATEO Digital Cockpit for the company’s next-generation, all-electric VOYAH H97 model. The selection followed successful completion of a proof of concept (POC) project, which you can learn more about in the video overview, below:
BlackBerry SVP Vito Giallorenzo discusses the BlackBerry IVY-powered PATEO Digital Cockpit that Dongfeng Motors selected for their next-generation, all-electric VOYAH H97 model.
The Road Ahead
Industry reception to BlackBerry IVY has been extremely encouraging, highlighted by multiple POC requests from high-volume automakers in North America, Europe, and Asia. Each of them, like Dongfeng a year earlier, wishes to put the platform through its paces to understand its capabilities and potential.
In tandem with the significant interest we’re seeing from automakers, we’ve created several new roles to grow the BlackBerry IVY team. We’re looking for the world’s best and brightest to join us on our mission to simplify automotive software development and enable transformative automotive solutions — things that will literally drive our future.
For those who want to “kick IVY’s tires” for themselves, and see how it can actualize their goals and fit into their future production programs, we have free software evaluation trials and development toolkits available by request. We also have several exciting events coming up where you can experience an IVY-powered vehicle first-hand and see it in action, such as AutoTech Detroit on June 7-8, where you can join us at Booth #507.
We look forward to giving you a “peek under the hood” so you can see how BlackBerry IVY brings a new era of invention to enhance the in-vehicle experience.
For similar articles and news delivered straight to your inbox, subscribe to the BlackBerry Blog.
About Vito Giallorenzo
Vito Giallorenzo is SVP, Corporate Development and COO, BlackBerry Technology Solutions.

Get In: The Software-Defined Vehicle Podcast from BlackBerry (Season 2, Episode 6)
Delivering what car buyers want from their new vehicles increasingly comes down to sophisticated onboard applications running in the vehicle, and the features and experiences those apps enable. However, this reliance on software to delight drivers and induce brand loyalty is still a relatively new phenomenon for automakers, and the expertise needed to create and configure the complex middleware that facilitates these new applications and services may not exist in-house.
Welcome to the sixth episode in Season 2 of “Get In: The Software-Defined Vehicle Podcast from BlackBerry.” This series explores the possibilities created by — and technologies behind — the SDV revolution in automotive we are witnessing today. In this episode, we revisit the 2023 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) to talk to Vito Giallorenzo, senior vice president and general manager of BlackBerry IVY®, about the platform his team has developed, and how it’s giving automakers the solid foundation they need to deliver the advanced connected software features their customers crave.

Giallorenzo’s career journey at BlackBerry parallels the steeply inclined trajectory of the IVY™ platform itself. “I was hired to run corporate development for our CEO,” he says. “One of the tasks was to build a strategic partnership with Amazon.” This partnership quickly led to the co-development of BlackBerry IVY. Progress after initial discussions was rapid, with the general availability of BlackBerry IVY announced in June of this year, less than 24 months after the first code was written. “It's shipping in vehicles in China next year with our first design. Starting something from zero and getting the result is always very exciting.”
However, BlackBerry IVY didn’t begin from a complete standing start; it was built on the companies’ existing expertise and leadership in their respective domains. “We were lucky because we could benefit from several decades of automotive success with our QNX® core platform,” explains Giallorenzo. “Amazon saw the technology and the credibility we have within the industry. We were the natural partner. We had that starting point.”
BlackBerry IVY is now shipping with its first commercial customers. “The platform is ready to be installed,” Giallorenzo confirms. However, even prior to that, an earlier version of BlackBerry IVY was running very successfully in Shanghai, China. “It's working very well with our customer Dongfeng,” one of China’s largest car makers. Commercial production of Dongfeng’s vehicles powered by BlackBerry IVY is now scheduled for the end of 2023 or the beginning of 2024.
Several digital cockpit implementations utilizing BlackBerry IVY are also entering the market, including designs from German industrial and automotive giant Bosch and Shanghai-based telematics provider PATEO. “It’s also available as a virtual platform with Amazon AWS,” adds Giallorenzo. “It's already integrated with all of our ecosystem partner solutions — like KPIT, Car IQ®, and Electra — so every customer can try and buy IVY if they want, either virtually through an AWS instance or physically through Bosch or PATEO.”
However, the digital cockpit is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to leveraging a platform that enables access to data from all the sensors in a modern vehicle. “IVY can run in every domain of the car, so it can run in the cockpit or in the ADAS (advanced driver assistance system), controlling the gateway,” explains Giallorenzo. “That allows any developer of any application to create a software sensor that is very easy to build, drop it into the car, and that sensor will gather all the data. It can process the data and return whatever insight the application needs. It's a probe into a car for any application developer. We make it very easy to implement, where it wasn’t so easy in the past. Developers can develop these features without knowing anything about the underlying vehicle or signal. They just ask for what they want, and the car will return that insight.”
This means that, unlike in the past, developers don’t have to engineer their own ways to harvest this information from the car. An example of this was inside a modified Jeep at the BlackBerry booth during CES® 2023. “The Jeep® Grand Cherokee has a Bosch cockpit with QNX and IVY installed in it,” Giallorenzo states. “IVY is powering a few solutions, one of which is predictive maintenance for tire and brake wear.” These are normally things a mechanic would need to physically inspect for. “Now it's done via machine learning models provided by one of our German partners and portfolio companies. Their machine learning model predicts, based on your driving, when your brake pads or tires need replacement. It's all done through software sensors that run in the car, which they translate into IVY,” he says.
“Another solution is secure payments, powered by another one of our portfolio companies and partners called Car IQ,” says Giallorenzo. “Through IVY and machine learning sensors in the vehicle, they provide payment authentication and merchant identification for that car. The car pays the same way your credit card is authenticated by a chip reader. The car is authenticated by IVY machine learning at the hardware level, making payments as secure as possible. IVY is also integrated with Amazon Alexa, so you can use Alexa to interact with IVY. For example, Alexa will tell you what the brake pads’ status could be,” he explains.
BlackBerry also revealed at CES details of the digital cockpit solution from PATEO, running in Dongfeng’s new VOYAH electric SUV model. The cockpit design features a battery management solution for EV range prediction and optimization, which is powered by another of BlackBerry’s IVY™ Fund portfolio companies, Electra Vehicles in Boston.
The first generation of products running on BlackBerry IVY address the most important pain points that consumers have experienced with new software-defined — and often electrified — vehicles, such as range anxiety, but so much more is possible. “It's a general platform,” he says. “You can build any application you want, and it will let you take data out of that system. I make the analogy of mobile phones: I don't think any of us 20 years ago even imagined the types of things we do with phones today.” But once the smartphone platform’s data was made available in the cloud, developers could harness it to build the rich selection of applications we now enjoy on our mobile devices. The same thing is happening with cars.
“We know that right now there are very specific needs that automakers, fleet managers, drivers, and passengers have,” emphasizes Giallorenzo. For example, “They want to save money when the car is built, or when they maintain and operate it. But they also want to generate new revenue from things like insurance, maintenance, and paying for parking.” However, there is still a lot of friction involved with implementing these new features and services. “It's not as easy as with a phone. IVY will make these applications better.”
IVY will also make developing and refining “net new” in-car software applications easier. “We are already working with a lot of automakers that are trying to do more advanced things with IVY, like improving autonomous driving and scene detection algorithms,” Giallorenzo says. “For example, the car needs to know why your ADAS didn't work, why the car broke down, or why there was an accident. We can detect that something is happening, process that data, and send it back to the developers, who can then improve their machine learning models.”
Looking forward to CES 2024, Giallorenzo expects many more advanced applications powered by BlackBerry IVY to be on display. “We will definitely have more customers and more use cases running on IVY,” he says. “We feel very good about our pipeline and the value that our product offers to customers.” In addition, “We're going to have more partners. There's going to be more safety, or maybe even autonomous solutions. There's going to be more around commerce and insurance. There will be lots of new applications for IVY.”
The autonomous driving trials already taking place in China, with the rich array of different vehicle types in use on Chinese roads, will produce a wealth of useful data for this domain. This data can then form the basis of sophisticated new applications. “We are very excited about our first shipping product in China,” Giallorenzo beams. “The Chinese electric vehicle market is one of the fastest growing markets in the world. They are very quick, not just at producing cars, but also at adopting new technology. It’s the best breeding ground for our platform, with Dongfeng as a customer, but also with other automakers.”
The introduction and growing acceptance of IVY will also change how people in the automotive industry perceive BlackBerry, he predicts. “Most people probably know of BlackBerry QNX as the ‘trusted-edge OS foundation,’ and I want these people to know that both the QNX and the IVY teams have built a lot of new solutions,” says Giallorenzo. “We have been very cautious about offering only the type of complex middleware software that is very hard to make: A customer should not use their resources to do that. They're going to be able to outsource it from us, better and cheaper. We're making it very intuitive to use, leveraging the cloud and AWS.
The ease with which automakers and top-tier suppliers can spin up new services and applications using IVY may surprise them, Giallorenzo says. “Talk to our partners like KPIT or Car IQ about how easy it has been to take their cloud solution and put it into a car. We are making that extremely easy, and we are ready to show it.”
His message for BlackBerry’s auto OEM customers is simple: “We can make their lives much easier.”
Listen to Season 2, Episode 6 of “Get In: The Software-Defined Vehicle Podcast from BlackBerry.”
For similar articles and news delivered straight to your inbox, subscribe to the BlackBerry Blog.
About Steve Kovsky
Steve Kovsky is Editorial Director at BlackBerry.

Heraeus Electronics has been honored by Bosch, a leading global supplier of technology and services, with the renowned Bosch Global Supplier Award in the category “Raw Material and Components” for its exceptional performance.
Image Credit: Heraeus
The Bosch Global Supplier Award recognizes outstanding supplier excellence and performance, and Heraeus Electronics has proven its position as one of the best suppliers to Bosch globally. From a vast pool of approximately 35,000 suppliers, Bosch carefully selected 46 suppliers from 11 countries to receive this prestigious award. This marks the 18th time that Bosch has recognized its exceptional suppliers for their remarkable contributions to the manufacturing and supply of raw materials, products, or services, with particular emphasis on quality, costs, sustainability, and innovation.
Heraeus Electronics was honored in the “Raw Material and Components” category, specifically recognizing its excellence for the division Mobility. Heraeus Electronics’ achievement is attributed to its commitment to superior quality, high volume supply, excellent commercial and technical support, and outstanding delivery performance. The portfolio includes solder pastes, sinter pastes, bonding wires and ribbons, thick film materials and metal ceramic substrates.
Sander van Lisdonk, Executive Vice President Sales EMEA and Americas at Heraeus Electronics, expressed his pride when the Bosch Global Supplier Award was presented: “I am really proud of winning this ‘Bosch Global Supplier Award 2023’ as it recognizes our focus on quality and underlines the value of a long-term innovation partnership with one of the leading automotive supplier companies in the world.”
Image Credit: Heraeus
Dr. Arne Flemming, Head of Supply Chain Management at Bosch, explains the significance of the Bosch Global Supplier Award: “With the Bosch Global Supplier Award, we honor our best suppliers. The recipients rank at the top of our global supplier base of some 35,000 companies.”
Heraeus Electronics is dedicated to maintaining its commitment to excellence and further strengthening its partnership with Bosch to continue delivering innovative solutions and top-quality products. For more information, visit www.heraeus-electronics.com.

New York, United States , June 21, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Global Automotive IoT Market Size is To Grow from USD 115.37 Billion in 2022 to USD 975.66 Billion by 2032, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 23.8% during the forecast period.
Get a Sample PDF Brochure: https://www.sphericalinsights.com/request-sample/2038
Automotive IoT involves connecting vehicles to the internet, enabling communication between vehicles, infrastructure, and external devices. It enhances vehicle safety, efficiency, and driving experience by collecting real-time data through IoT-enabled sensors. This data can be used for predictive maintenance, intelligent navigation, and autonomous driving. Automotive IoT also integrates smartphones and other devices with vehicles, providing features like remote monitoring, vehicle tracking, and personalized infotainment services. The advancements in Automotive IoT are revolutionizing transportation, paving the way for connected, autonomous, and smart vehicles that offer improved safety, convenience, and sustainability.
Report Coverage
This research report categorizes the market for automotive IoT market based on various segments and regions and forecasts revenue growth and analyzes trends in each submarket. The report analyses the key growth drivers, opportunities, and challenges influencing the automotive IoT market. Recent market developments and competitive strategies such as expansion, product launch, and development, partnership, merger, and acquisition have been included to draw the competitive landscape in the market. The report strategically identifies and profiles the key market players and analyses their core competencies in each sub-segments of the automotive IoT market.
Browse key industry insights spread across 200 pages with 100 Market Size data tables and figures & charts from the report on, "Global Automotive IoT Market Size, Share, and COVID-19 Impact Analysis, By Offering (Hardware, Software, and Services), By Connectivity (Embedded Systems, Tethered Systems, and Integrated Systems), By Communication Type (In-vehicle Communication, Vehicle-to-vehicle Communication, and Vehicle-to-infrastructure Communication), By Application (Navigation, Telematics, and Infotainment), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East, and Africa), Analysis and Forecast 2022 – 2032." Get Detailed Report Description Here:
Buy Now Full Report: https://www.sphericalinsights.com/checkout/2038
The connectivity ICs segment is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 25.8% during the forecast period.
Based on offering type, the global automotive IoT market is segmented into hardware, software, and services. Connectivity ICs are anticipated to witness higher growth compared to semiconductor components in the automotive IoT hardware market during the forecast period. This is attributed to the increasing demand for robust and reliable connectivity solutions in connected vehicles. Connectivity ICs provide the necessary interfaces and protocols to enable seamless communication between various components within the vehicle and with external devices. With the rapid advancements in wireless technologies like 5G and the need for high-speed data transmission, the demand for connectivity ICs is expected to surge. These ICs play a crucial role in supporting features such as vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) communication, vehicle-to-infrastructure (V2I) communication, and vehicle-to-cloud connectivity. As automotive IoT applications continue to expand, connectivity ICs are poised to witness significant growth, facilitating efficient and secure data exchange in connected vehicles.
The navigation segment held the largest market share of around 43.7% in 2022
Based on application, the global automotive IoT market is segmented into navigation, telematics, and infotainment. The navigation segment held the largest market share in the automotive IoT market. Navigation systems play a crucial role in providing real-time information and guidance to drivers, enhancing their driving experience and safety. These systems utilize IoT technology to collect and analyze data from various sources, including GPS, traffic sensors, and mapping services. They offer features such as turn-by-turn directions, traffic updates, and route optimization. The growing demand for advanced navigation features, such as voice recognition, augmented reality, and predictive analytics, has fueled the adoption of IoT-enabled navigation systems. Additionally, the integration of navigation systems with other IoT applications like vehicle diagnostics and infotainment further strengthens their market dominance.
Inquire Before Buying This Research Report: https://www.sphericalinsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/2038
Asia-Pacific is predicted to grow at a higher CAGR of around 25.8% over the projected period.
Based on region, Asia-Pacific is poised to experience fastest growth in the forecast period in the automotive IoT market. Several factors contribute to this expected growth. The region is home to major automotive manufacturing hubs, such as China, Japan, and South Korea, which are witnessing a rise in the adoption of IoT technology in vehicles. Additionally, the increasing disposable income and urbanization in countries like China and India are driving the demand for connected cars and smart transportation solutions. Moreover, the rapid development of 5G infrastructure in the region enables faster and more reliable connectivity, facilitating the implementation of automotive IoT solutions. Furthermore, government initiatives promoting smart cities and sustainable transportation further boost the growth of the automotive IoT market in Asia-Pacific.
Competitive Analysis:
The report offers the appropriate analysis of the key organizations/companies involved within the global market along with a comparative evaluation primarily based on their product offering, business overviews, geographic presence, enterprise strategies, segment market share, and SWOT analysis. The report also provides an elaborative analysis focusing on the current news and developments of the companies, which includes product development, innovations, joint ventures, partnerships, mergers & acquisitions, strategic alliances, and others. This allows for the evaluation of the overall competition within the market. Some of the major players in the global automotive IoT market include NXP Semiconductors, Harman, Robert Bosch, Thales, TomTom International, IBM, Geotab Inc., Texas Instruments, Intel Corp., Eurotech, STMicroelectronics, Renesas, Infineon Technologies, Airbiquity, Qualcomm, Visteon, Vodafone Group, Microsoft Corporation, Alphabet Inc., AT&T, Cloudmade, and Sierra Wireless.
Get Discount At @ https://www.sphericalinsights.com/request-discount/2038
Market Segment
This study forecasts revenue at global, regional, and country levels from 2022 to 2032. Spherical Insights has segmented the global automotive IoT market based on the below-mentioned segments:
Automotive IoT Market, By Offering
Hardware
Software
Services
Automotive IoT Market, By Connectivity
Embedded Systems
Tethered Systems
Integrated Systems
Automotive IoT Market, By Communication Type
In-vehicle Communication
Vehicle-to-vehicle Communication
Vehicle-to-infrastructure Communication
Automotive IoT Market, By Application
Navigation
Telematics
Infotainment
Automotive IoT Market, Regional Analysis
North America
US
Canada
Mexico
Europe
Germany
UK
France
Italy
Spain
Russia
Rest of Europe
Asia Pacific
China
Japan
India
South Korea
Australia
Rest of Asia Pacific
South America
Brazil
Argentina
Rest of South America
Middle East & Africa
UAE
Saudi Arabia
Qatar
South Africa
Rest of Middle East & Africa
Browse Related Reports
Global Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment (EVSE) Market Size, Share, and COVID-19 Impact Analysis, By Product Type (Portable Charger, EV Charging Kiosk, Onboard Charging Station, Others), By Charging Station Type, By Application (Commercial, Residential), By Charging Type (Level 1, Level 2, Level 3), By Power Type, and By Region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East, and Africa), Analysis and Forecast 2022 – 2032
https://www.sphericalinsights.com/reports/electric-vehicle-supply-equipment-evse-market
Global Heavy-Duty Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure Market Size, Share, and COVID-19 Impact Analysis, By Charger Type (DC Charger, AC Charger), By Charging Method (Fast Charging, Slow Charging), and By Region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East, and Africa), Analysis and Forecast 2022 – 2032
https://www.sphericalinsights.com/reports/heavy-duty-electric-vehicle-charging-infrastructure-market
Global Forklift Market Size, Share, and COVID-19 Impact Analysis, By Class (Class 1, Class 2, Class 3, and Class 4/5), By Power Source (Internal Combustion Engine and Electric), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East, and Africa), Analysis and Forecast 2023 – 2032
https://www.sphericalinsights.com/reports/forklift-market
Global NVH Testing Market Size, Share, and COVID-19 Impact Analysis, By Type (Hardware, Software, & Services), By Application (Impact Hammer Testing and Powertrain NVH Testing, Sound Intensity Measurement and Sound Quality Testing, Product Vibration Testing, Others), By End-User (Automotive and Transportation, Aerospace and Defense, Industrial, Power & Energy, Consumer Appliances, & Others), By Region (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East, and Africa), Analysis and Forecast 2022 – 2032.
https://www.sphericalinsights.com/reports/nvh-testing-market
About the Spherical Insights & Consulting
Spherical Insights & Consulting is a market research and consulting firm which provides actionable market research study, quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight especially designed for decision makers and aids ROI.
Which is catering to different industry such as financial sectors, industrial sectors, government organizations, universities, non-profits and corporations. The company's mission is to work with businesses to achieve business objectives and maintain strategic improvements.
CONTACT US:
For More Information on Your Target Market, Please Contact Us Below:
Phone: +1 303 800 4326 (the U.S.)
Phone: +91 90289 24100 (APAC)
Email: inquiry@sphericalinsights.com, sales@sphericalinsights.com
Contact Us: https://www.sphericalinsights.com/contact-us
Follow Us: LinkedIn | Facebook | Twitter

This website requires certain cookies to work and uses other cookies to help you have the best experience. By visiting this website, certain cookies have already been set, which you may delete and block. By closing this message or continuing to use our site, you agree to the use of cookies. Visit our updated privacy and cookie policy to learn more.
This Website Uses Cookies
By closing this message or continuing to use our site, you agree to our cookie policy. Learn More This website requires certain cookies to work and uses other cookies to help you have the best experience. By visiting this website, certain cookies have already been set, which you may delete and block. By closing this message or continuing to use our site, you agree to the use of cookies. Visit our updated privacy and cookie policy to learn more.

WATERLOO, ONTARIO – June 26, 2023 – BlackBerry Limited (NYSE: BB; TSX: BB) announced today that TechInsights, a leading technology analysis and market research firm, has determined BlackBerry® QNX® software is now embedded in over 235 million vehicles worldwide; a year-over-year increase of 20 million.
BlackBerry is the automotive industry’s most secure and safety-certified embedded software, trusted by most leading OEMs and Tier 1s, including BMW, Bosch, Continental, Dongfeng Motor, Geely, Honda, Mercedes-Benz, Toyota, Volkswagen, Volvo, and more. BlackBerry QNX delivers foundational software for the vehicles of today and the software-defined vehicles of the future, from digital cockpits and advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) to infotainment systems and domain controllers.
BlackBerry also recently announced that its BlackBerry QNX royalty backlog has increased to approximately $640 million at the end of its Fiscal Year 2023. This represents a 14% increase over three quarters, from approximately $560 million reported at the end of the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2023. The backlog metric is calculated using QNX’s royalty rates and current projections of anticipated volumes over the lifetime of a design. In Fiscal Year 2023 BlackBerry QNX achieved 94 design wins, including with Daimler Truck, Denso, Ford, Hyundai, Jaguar Land Rover, Visteon, and more.
“In ten years, BlackBerry QNX has expanded from being in over 16 million vehicles to over 235 million today. Undoubtedly, we are the market leader for secure and safety-certified automotive software,” said John Chen, Executive Chairman & CEO, BlackBerry. “As vehicles become increasingly software-defined our value proposition becomes even more critical to their development and the smart cities they are central to the advancement of. BlackBerry is pleased to be the long-standing and trusted partner of the automotive industry, and to be key to the emergence of a trusted smart world.”
“BlackBerry’s continued dominance in the automotive market is a testament to the ingenuity and versatility of QNX in the context of an evolving market and application space,” said Roger C. Lanctot, Director of Automotive Mobility, TechInsights. “Even more impressive is BlackBerry’s positioning at the fulcrum of multiple IoT market opportunities, as the convergence of the IoT and cybersecurity will unlock the value of the IoT across smart cities, healthcare, manufacturing, and more.”
TechInsights, who acquired Strategy Analytics in 2022, determined the volume of vehicles embedded with BlackBerry QNX software based on the number of BlackBerry QNX products that are shipped in the automotive market and the number of cars that contain BlackBerry QNX products and technology. The vast majority of BlackBerry QNX software products that are integrated and used in automotive ECUs are licensed on a per-unit royalty basis.
BlackBerry QNX software includes QNX® Neutrino® OS, QNX® Platform for ADAS, QNX® OS for Safety, QNX® CAR Platform for Infotainment, QNX® Platform for Digital Cockpits, QNX® Hypervisor 2.2 and QNX acoustics middleware.
For more information on BlackBerry QNX visit BlackBerry.com/QNX.
About BlackBerry
BlackBerry (NYSE: BB; TSX: BB) provides intelligent security software and services to enterprises and governments around the world. The company secures more than 500M endpoints including over 235M vehicles. Based in Waterloo, Ontario, the company leverages AI and machine learning to deliver innovative solutions in the areas of cybersecurity, safety, and data privacy solutions, and is a leader in the areas of endpoint security, endpoint management, encryption, and embedded systems. BlackBerry's vision is clear - to secure a connected future you can trust.
BlackBerry. Intelligent Security. Everywhere.
For more information, visit BlackBerry.com and follow @BlackBerry.
Trademarks, including but not limited to BLACKBERRY and EMBLEM Design are the trademarks or registered trademarks of BlackBerry Limited, and the exclusive rights to such trademarks are expressly reserved. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. BlackBerry is not responsible for any third-party products or services.
Media Contact:
BlackBerry Media Relations
+1 (519) 597-7273
mediarelations@BlackBerry.com

New Delhi, May 15, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The global IoT in banking and financial services market is gaining traction because of the increasing adoption of digitalization and IoT technologies and advancements in AI and analytics technologies enabling more effective use of IoT data.
BlueWeave Consulting, a leading strategic consulting and market research firm, in its recent study, estimated the global IoT in banking and financial services market size at USD 869.62 million in 2022. During the forecast period between 2023 and 2029, the global IoT in banking and financial services market size is projected to grow at an impressive CAGR of 53.16% reaching a value of USD 17,090.26 million by 2029. The main driver of Internet of Things (IoT) in banking industry trends is the increase in demand for IoT applications, which is boosting the market's expansion globally. Additionally, it is expected that the growing use of IoT-enabled smartphones and smart wearables will support the development of the Internet of Things (IoT) in the banking industry. However, the growth of the IoT in the banking and financial services market may be hampered by higher installation costs and complicated infrastructure requirements.

Global IoT in Banking and Financial Services Market – Overview
IoT in banking refers to the linked networks of IoT devices that gather data, transfer it, and enable its processing on a cloud or on-premises server to enhance the banking experience for customers and bankers. As many more devices are being connected in the future, IoT is going to play an even greater role in banking. Banks will be able to gather more information on their clients as a result and provide even more specialized services.
Sample Request @ https://www.blueweaveconsulting.com/report/iot-in-banking-and-financial-services-market/report-sample
Global IoT in Banking and Financial Services Market – By Application
Based on application, the global IoT in banking and financial services market is segmented into smart ATMs, customer management & support, security & authentication, and others. The security & authentication segment accounts for the highest market share. When compared with other businesses, the financial industry faces about three times as many cyberattacks. Cost increases occur exponentially as a result of data breaches, both internal through fraud and external through hackers. The crucial developments in the cybersecurity applications market, which are expected to improve the market, are the use of Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA), typically for physical access control, virtual private networks, and chip assembly integrators' protection of counterfeiting.
Please Visit the Press Release: https://www.blueweaveconsulting.com/press-release/global-iot-in-banking-and-financial-services-market-size-booming-almost-20x-to-cross-usd-17-billion-by-2029
Impact of COVID-19 on Global IoT in Banking and Financial Services Market
The COVID-19 pandemic offered immense growth opportunities to the global IoT in the banking and financial services market. The vast majority of bank staff worldwide have been advised to work remotely to slow the development of COVID-19. The World Health Organization (WHO) suggested that consumers adopt contactless payment technology and services and limit their handling of banknotes, as COVID-19 has the potential to survive on a note for days, which would hasten the disease's transmission. Banks can ensure that regular activities will likely be carried out with little disturbance by using digital and remote customer transactions. Such changes in the banking and financial industry are significantly fueling the growth of IoT in the market.
Competitive Landscape
Major players operating in the global IoT in banking and financial services market include IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, SAP SE, Oracle Corporation, Infosys Limited, Cisco Systems, Inc., Accenture plc, Intel Corporation, Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., Bosch Software Innovations GmbH, Vodafone Group Plc, Capgemini SE, Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation, HCL Technologies Limited, and Tata Consultancy Services Limited.
To further enhance their market share, these companies employ various strategies, including mergers and acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures, license agreements, and new product launches.
Don’t miss the business opportunity in the global IoT in Banking and Financial Services Market. Consult our analysts to gain crucial insights and facilitate your business growth.
The in-depth analysis of the report provides information about growth potential, upcoming trends, and the global IoT in Banking and Financial Services Market. It also highlights the factors driving forecasts of total market size. The report promises to provide recent technology trends in the global IoT in Banking and Financial Services Market and industry insights to help decision-makers make sound strategic decisions. Furthermore, the report also analyzes the growth drivers, challenges, and competitive dynamics of the market.
Recent Developments
In February 2023 – Deutsche Telekom subsidiary T-Systems and Commerzbank announced their collaboration for the development of a solution to automate supply chains with the associated finance using Blockchain and IoT.
Scope of the Report
Attributes	Details
Years Considered	Historical Data – 2019–2022
Base Year – 2022
Estimated Year – 2023
Forecast Period – 2023–2029
Facts Covered	Revenue in USD Million
Market Coverage	North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa
Product/ Service Segmentation	Solution, Services, Application, Region
Key Players	IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, SAP SE, Oracle Corporation, Infosys Limited, Cisco Systems, Inc., Accenture plc, Intel Corporation, Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., Bosch Software Innovations GmbH, Vodafone Group Plc, Capgemini SE, Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation, HCL Technologies Limited, Tata Consultancy Services Limited
By Solution
Security
Customer Experience Management
Monitoring
Data Management
Others
By Services
Professional Services
Managed Services
By Application
Smart ATMs
Customer Management and Support
Security and Authentication
Others
By Region
North America
Europe
Asia Pacific (APAC)
Latin America (LATAM)
Middle East and Africa (MEA)
Please Find Below Some Related Topics:
Europe Insurance Brokerage Market - Size, Share, Trend Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast Report, 2019–2029
UAE Health and Medical Insurance Market - Size, Share, Trend Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast Report, 2019–2029
South Africa Property and Casualty Insurance Market - Size, Share, Trend Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast Report, 2019–2029
Saudi Arabia Fintech Market - Size, Share, Trend Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast Report, 2019–2029
GCC Retail Banking Market - Size, Share, Trend Analysis, Opportunity and Forecast Report, 2019–2029
About Us
BlueWeave Consulting provides comprehensive Market Intelligence (MI) Solutions to businesses regarding various products and services online and offline. We offer all-inclusive market research reports by analyzing qualitative and quantitative data to boost the performance of your business solutions. BlueWeave has built its reputation from scratch by delivering quality inputs and nourishing long-lasting relationships with its clients. We are one of the promising digital MI solutions companies providing agile assistance to make your business endeavors successful.
Contact Us:
BlueWeave Consulting & Research Pvt. Ltd
+1 866 658 6826 | +1 425 320 4776 | +44 1865 60 0662
info@blueweaveconsulting.com
https://www.blueweaveconsulting.com/
https://www.linkedin.com/company/blueweaveconsulting/

July 18, 2023
Bosch Rexroth
News
Summary
Welding Control PRC7000 from Bosch Rexroth Increases Productivity When Welding in the Automotive Sector
The trend in vehicle construction is towards increasingly lightweight, safer vehicles. One reason: The less weight needs to be moved, the less energy is required. However, this must not be at the expense of safety. At the same time, designs and forms are becoming increasingly complex. Material combinations are increasingly being used to meet current requirements as regards weight reduction, energy efficiency, crash safety and design. This means completely new requirements when it comes to resistance spot welding. With the welding control PRC7000, Bosch Rexroth offers a solution which adapts quickly to different mixtures of materials and allows unbreakable connections.
Reducing CO2 emissions and fuel consumption is a key aim in the automotive sector. One way of achieving this is to reduce the weight of vehicles. Ever lighter materials such as aluminum, magnesium or fiber-reinforced plastics are therefore used. Lightweight construction is becoming increasingly relevant for electric vehicles too as a reduction in weight increases range and allows smaller batteries to be used.

The aim: Precision spot welding of different materials and sheet thicknesses
“320 parts, 80 different types of metal sheeting and coatings in various thicknesses–this results in around 500 combinations of materials and thicknesses welded together with 5,000 welding spots. This is a typical body in white nowadays. And the complexity is increasing,” explained Timm Bartmann, head of sales and product Management Process Welding at Bosch Rexroth. “Various metals, plastics or composite materials are combined in the process. The use of new combinations of materials makes it possible to reduce the weight of vehicles, to improve designs and to develop innovative products. However, this means that resistance spot welding must be carried out to very high standards.”
The demands are particularly high where different materials have to be welded together, as each material has different welding properties. One example of this are body parts made of aluminum which are increasingly used in modern cars. They are lighter than steel but are also more difficult to weld. Special know-how and techniques are needed here to ensure a safe and stable connection.
“With the new lightweight designs, the use of high-strength steel materials with anti-corrosion coatings has constantly increased in vehicle construction in recent years. Using high-strength steels, components can be designed with thinner walls yet with the same mechanical properties. However, these materials are usually more likely to crack during resistance spot welding,” explained Timm Bartmann.
Another challenge: joining aluminum and steel using resistance spot welding owing to their extreme physical properties. Steel has a high electrical resistance, while aluminum has a low resistance. The welding control PRC7000 from Bosch Rexroth can cope with both of these extremes. Transformers convert the output power of the welding control unit precisely to suit the welding task in hand.

The solution: Perfect connections with a new generation of welding control units
With the PRC7000, different sheet thickness and material combinations–from steel to aluminum–can easily be welded. To make this possible, the new welding control unit uses adaptive controllers and offers flexible programmability. It also makes perfect welding spots reproducible.
For the first time ever, a leading car manufacturer used resistance spot welding to attach large numbers of aluminum parts to the chassis of a new vehicle. In this case, the main body is made from aluminum and has approx. 2,000 welding spots with different aluminum sheet combinations.
“Due to the many new material combinations, the process windows are becoming smaller and smaller and, despite targeted parameterization of the particular welding task, connections can only be achieved to a limited extent with conventional resistance welding systems. With the PRC7000, unbreakable connections are possible,” said Timm Bartmann. “With the integrated “Adaptive Position Regulation” function, the PRC7000 allows welding of unprecedented quality. Even connections that were not so reliable in the past can be welded now.”
At the “Schweißen & Schneiden 2023” trade fair (from September 11 to 15, 2023 in Essen), Bosch Rexroth will show exactly how this works and all the benefits of the PRC7000 at booth 3A67 in hall 3.
As one of the world’s leading suppliers of drive and control technologies, Bosch Rexroth ensures efficient, powerful and safe movement in machines and systems of any size. The company bundles global application experience in the market segments of Mobile and Industrial Applications as well as Factory Automation. With its intelligent components, customized system solutions, engineering and services, Bosch Rexroth is creating the necessary environment for fully connected applications. Bosch Rexroth offers its customers hydraulics, electric drive and control technology, gear technology and linear motion and assembly technology, including software and interfaces to the Internet of Things. With locations in over 80 countries, more than 32,000 associates generated sales revenue of around 7.0 billion euros in 2022.

About the Bosch Group
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 421,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2022). The company generated sales of 88.2 billion euros in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.”
Did you enjoy this great article?
Check out our free e-newsletters to read more great articles..
Subscribe

Industrial IoT utilizes LoRa and LoRaWAN technologies as it enables applications that empower large industrial segments to adapt and respond with reduced operational costs, worker safety, and environmental & social governance to remain relevant and profitable in a rapidly digitizing world.
New York, July 31, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reportlinker.com announces the release of the report "Global LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT Market Size, Share & Industry Trends Analysis Report By End User, By Component, By Application, By Regional Outlook and Forecast, 2023 - 2030" - https://www.reportlinker.com/p06481384/?utm_source=GNW
Therefore, Industrial IoT would register 2/5th share of the market by 2030. LoRaWAN operates by installing gateways on-site; a modest terminal can be covered by a handful of gateways and supported by tens of thousands of IoT sensors. Owning these gateways is equivalent to owning the network, which gives the IT department complete control over all network parameters. Also, a well-planned wireless deployment with LoRa and LoRaWAN enables the expansion or redeployment of infrastructure without interruption.
The major strategies followed by the market participants are Partnerships as the key developmental strategy to keep pace with the changing demands of end users. For instance, In September, 2020, Datacake came into partnership with Ursalink to simplify LoRaWAN® IoT solution deployments. Additionally, by combining the whole line of Ursalink LoRaWAN® end devices, users could simply add Ursaink devices to the Datacake IoT platform without any requirement of programming skill but only by choosing a predefined template instead. Additionally, In April, 2023, Advantech joined hands with Altizon for joint solution developed for ease of transformation to a smart factory. The combined Software and hardware solution benefits operations that require the benefits of digital factories with low capital investment and fast process to modernization.
Based on the Analysis presented in the KBV Cardinal matrix; Orange S.A. and Bosch Sensortec GmbH (Robert Bosch GmbH) are the forerunners in the Market. In May, 2023, Orange came into an agreement with Eyesye, a company engaged in offering edge mobile IoT connectivity solutions. Under this agreement, Orange would aim to engage with Eyesye through its global connectivity agreement and allow Eyesye to leverage its IoT Roaming solution. Companies such as Advantech Co., Ltd., Semtech Corporation and Amazon Web Services, Inc. (Amazon.com, Inc.) are some of the key innovators in the Market.
Market Growth Factors
Growing demand for long-distance, low-power wide area network connectivity
Due to the expansion of the Internet of Things and a requirement for cost-effective and scalable solutions, the need for low-power, low-range, wide-area network connectivity has increased. This demand is driven by the need for efficient and dependable device-to-cloud communication, particularly in agriculture, logistics, smart cities, and industrial automation. Low-power, short-range, wide-area network connectivity permits the deployment of large-scale IoT networks while conserving battery life and lowering costs. To satisfy this demand, LoRaWAN, a wireless technology, was developed. Batteries power numerous IoT devices and must conserve energy to guarantee long battery life. Thus, the demand for low-range wide-area network connectivity is anticipated to drive the utilization of LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT, expanding the market growth.
Enhancing investments in smart cities projects
Increasing investments in smart city initiatives to address transportation, energy, communication, health & safety, and waste management with intelligent solutions have contributed to market growth. The market is anticipated to be driven by the rising demand for high-speed communication in smart cities for smart waste management, intelligent traffic control, real-time crime mapping, environment monitoring, and telemedicine. Over the course of the forecast period, the market will be driven by the rising need for cost-effective and energy-efficient wireless IoT networks that offer long-range access, as well as the rising acceptance of the medium access control (MAC) protocol for LoRa and LoRaWAN devices, which enables communication over long distances. These factors are contributing to the market’s growth.
Market Restraining Factors
Concerns about data security & privacy
In today’s world, IoT has become an essential target for cybercriminals; consequently, security is crucial for maintaining order. IoT attacks are rising due to the recurring security incidents affecting IoT devices. As more users become aware of data privacy, every communication protocol becomes increasingly concerned with data security. For example, some LoRaWAN IoT devices use encryption keys that are readily guessed. This exposes the network to multiple DoS attacks, data interception, and loss. In addition, the new protocols may be constructed using a more intricate encryption path. Despite this, businesses utilizing the older LoRaWAN legacy cannot upgrade to the new network due to its limitations. Hence, such cyberattacks, and data breaches are expected to hinder market expansion.
Component Outlook
Based on Component, the market is segmented into hardware, services, and platform. The services segment acquired a promising growth rate in the market in 2022. The segment’s development is attributable to these services’ assistance in reducing the burden on IoT networks and providing expert answers to various queries of the user. Also, the service provides businesses with training and consultation regarding the development and implementation of LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT, which is anticipated to drive the segment’s expansion during the projected period.
Application Outlook
On the basis of application, the market is divided into asset tracking, industrial IoT, smart cities, smart agriculture & livestock management, smart buildings, smart healthcare and others. The smart healthcare segment procured a promising growth rate in the market in 2022. The growth is attributed to the fact that LoRaWAN networks are suitable for mission-critical intelligent healthcare applications due to their low cost, low power consumption, and consistent performance. IoT solutions that are based on LoRaWAN have the ability to continuously monitor high-risk patients or systems, which ensures that the integrity of medical data is never jeopardized.
End User Outlook
By end user, the market is classified into retail, manufacturing, transportation & logistics, agriculture, healthcare, energy & utilities, government & public safety, enterprise, residential, travel & hospitality and others. The manufacturing segment witnessed the largest revenue share in the market in 2022. This is due to the increasing employment of LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT technologies in manufacturing to optimize operations and transform operations. These technologies allow for machine monitoring in real-time, asset tracking, and the creation of intelligent environments. Utilizing LoRa and LoRaWAN capabilities, manufacturers may reduce downtime, boost inventory management, and attain energy efficiency.
Regional Outlook
Region-wise, the market is analyzed across North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and LAMEA. The North America region registered the highest revenue share in the market in 2022. This is because North America, which is amongst the most technologically sophisticated regions, has frequently set the global IoT expansion pace. As a result, LoRa and LoRaWAN Internet of Things (IoT) technologies have acquired significant traction in North America, with numerous deployments across numerous industries. Also, smart illumination, waste management, parking management, and environmental monitoring systems are facilitated in smart cities, a notable application area that is driving the market growth in the region.
The market research report covers the analysis of key stake holders of the market. Key companies profiled in the report include Advantech Co., Ltd., NEC Corporation, Tata communications limited (Tata Group), Nwave Technologies, Inc., Semtech Corporation, Orange S.A., Bosch Sensortec GmbH (Robert Bosch GmbH), Amazon Web Services, Inc. (Amazon.com, Inc.), Datacake GmbH, and RAKwireless Technology Limited.
Recent Strategies Deployed in LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT Market
Partnerships, Collaborations and Agreements:
May-2023: Orange came into an agreement with Eyesye, a company engaged in offering edge mobile IoT connectivity solutions. Under this agreement, Orange would aim to engage with Eyesye through its global connectivity agreement and allow Eyesye to leverage its IoT Roaming solution.
Apr-2023: Advantech joined hands with Altizon, a global software provider of Industrial IoT platforms, and Datonis Digital Factory, a digital manufacturing platform for the release of their joint solution developed for ease of transformation to a smart factory. The combined Software and hardware solution benefits operations that require the benefits of digital factories with low capital investment and fast process to modernization.
Mar-2023: Semtech Corporation teamed-up with ChirpStack3, an open-source LoRaWAN Network Server. The collaboration aims to broaden the Semtech developer program to deliver direct access to the Everynet National Network from the Semtech Network Server supported by ChirpStack.
Mar-2023: RAKwireless partnered with Monogoto Solutions, a provider of cloud-based cellular networks. The partnership of both companies would help developers to propel innovation by adding Private LoRa connectivity to Public cellular LTE-M / NB-IoT.
Jun-2022: Advantech came into collaboration with Actility, the IoT Mediation Platform. Under this Collaboration, both companies would launch the latest joint solution enabling to place and manage private LoRaWAN networks on customer premises, by integrating advanced and ruggedized Advantech IPC with embedded Actility software, bringing a highly reliable and secure career-grade service with extended compatibility with gateways, cloud platforms, and devices.
Product Launches and Product Expansions
Jun-2023: Nwave announced the launch of a wireless Parking Guidance Solution, providing real-time data on the availability of parking spaces and helping drivers park efficiently and quickly. Moreover, the sensors, smart mobile applications, and real-time data would enable drivers to keep track of available parking and decrease the time spent finding space for parking.
Apr-2023: Semtech Corporation unveiled the new XCVR Development Board and Reference Design integrating the LoRa® Sub-GHz Radio Transceiver. This launch eases the development process and decreases time-to-market for customers engaged in designing solutions in markets that include supply chain, logistics, building management, industrial control, and agriculture.
Mar-2023: Semtech Corporation introduced LoRa Connect LR1121, offering enhanced LoRa transceiver RF performance with multi-band diversity allowing a single, low-power chip to be used globally. This launch would broaden the LoRa suite with the latest transceiver for use in Internet of Things endpoints that offer lower power consumption, and long-range, and global connectivity.
Nov-2021: Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com, Inc. company released AWS IoT TwinMaker, a service that makes it simple and rapid for innovators to design digital twins of real-world systems like industrial equipment, factories, and buildings. The product makes it simple for developers to combine data from various sources including video cameras, business applications, and equipment sensors, and integrate the same data to build a knowledge graph that models the real-world environment.
Jun-2021: Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions, a subsidiary of Robert Bosch, released the new Phantom Edge – an AIoT platform, which integrates the strength of the Internet of Things and Artificial Intelligence to deliver a live view of operating usage, appliance-level information, electrical parameters, and electrical energy consumption.
Acquisitions and Mergers:
Jan-2023: Semtech Corporation completed the acquisition of Sierra Wireless, Inc. a global company leading in Internet of Things. This acquisition would build a comprehensive Internet of Things (IoT) platform to allow the alteration to a smarter, highly sustainable planet Transaction bringing together the ultra-low power benefits of LoRa® with higher bandwidth abilities of cellular to build a new Internet of Things Cloud-to-chip systems.
Scope of the Study
Market Segments covered in the Report:
By End User
• Manufacturing
• Retail
• Transportation & Logistics
• Energy & Utilities
• Government & Public Safety
• Enterprise
• Healthcare
• Agriculture
• Residential
• Travel & Hospitality
• Others
By Component
• Hardware
• Platform
• Services
By Application
• Industrial IoT
• Smart Agriculture & Livestock Management
• Smart Buildings
• Smart Cities
• Smart Healthcare
• Asset Tracking
• Others
By Geography
• North America
o US
o Canada
o Mexico
o Rest of North America
• Europe
o Germany
o UK
o France
o Russia
o Spain
o Italy
o Rest of Europe
• Asia Pacific
o China
o Japan
o India
o South Korea
o Singapore
o Malaysia
o Rest of Asia Pacific
• LAMEA
o Brazil
o Argentina
o UAE
o Saudi Arabia
o South Africa
o Nigeria
o Rest of LAMEA
Companies Profiled
• Advantech Co., Ltd.
• NEC Corporation
• Tata communications limited (Tata Group)
• Nwave Technologies, Inc.
• Semtech Corporation
• Orange S.A.
• Bosch Sensortec GmbH (Robert Bosch GmbH)
• Amazon Web Services, Inc. (Amazon.com, Inc.)
• Datacake GmbH
• RAKwireless Technology Limited
Unique Offerings
• Exhaustive coverage
• Highest number of market tables and figures
• Subscription based model available
• Guaranteed best price
• Assured post sales research support with 10% customization free
Read the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p06481384/?utm_source=GNW
About Reportlinker
ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.
__________________________

Roambee, the global real-time supply chain visibility and intelligence provider, today announced that it’d been selected as the winner of the “Best AI-based Solution for Supply Chain” designation in the sixth annual AI Breakthrough Awards program conducted by AI Breakthrough, a leading market intelligence organization that recognizes the top companies, technologies, and products in the global Artificial Intelligence (AI) market today.
Roambee's cutting-edge AI-powered platform leverages verifiable IoT sensor information to provide unparalleled supply chain intelligence, enabling accurate predictions of business KPIs. With its advanced sensor data analytics, this platform empowers organizations to deliver the right product at the precise time, in the correct place, and in optimal condition.
Roambee's platform seamlessly integrates real-time IoT sensor inputs with a diverse range of data streams, including carriers, port operations, airport operations, rail operations, traffic, and weather. This extensive data collection is then transformed into invaluable predictive and contextual business signals, insights, and forecasts, such as replenishment triggers, security, and quality compliance predictions. This allows enterprises to effectively address supply chain challenges, automate operations, foster sustainability, and effectively implement successful future growth strategies.
“Our AI platform is founded on premium, firsthand information derived from IoT sensors, enabling it to deliver predictions for supply chain or business KPIs that are 100 times more accurate compared to other Supply Chain AI solutions,” stated Sanjay Sharma, CEO of Roambee. “Roambee's AI endeavors are centered around establishing a strong foundation of practical forecasts at a time when most supply chain tools prioritize Generative Pre-Trained Transformer (GPT) models, primarily used for text summarization, content generation, and search, which may not faithfully represent reality. The recognition of our AI Breakthrough reinforces our commitment to enhancing the dependability and usefulness of supply chain data for enterprises.”
The mission of the AI Breakthrough Awards is to honor excellence and recognize the innovation, hard work, and success in a range of AI and machine learning-related categories, including Generative AI, Computer Vision, AIOps, Deep Learning, Robotics, Natural Language Processing, industry-specific AI applications and many more. This year’s program attracted more than 3,200 nominations from over 20 different countries throughout the world, with winners including AMD, OpenAI, Microsoft, Bosch, Qualcomm, Palo Alto Networks, SoftBank Robotics, Honeywell, Mercedes Benz, and an impressive list of top companies and startups in the industry.
“At a time when enterprises are looking to build sustainable, autonomous, and resilient supply chains, Roambee’s AI-enabled analytics platform, sensor-based visibility, and innovation provide enterprises with accurate visibility data and intelligence. Congratulations on winning the ‘Best AI-based Solution for Supply Chain’ award,” said James Johnson, managing director of AI Breakthrough. “Most supply chain software platforms, planning tools, and monitoring and tracking solutions lack timely, actionable, direct-from-source data. To truly empower firms to automate their supply chain planning and execution with confidence, there is a critical need for AI solutions built on verifiable visibility. Roambee’s AI-powered platform stands as a proven innovation in this field, delivering unparallel accuracy and reliability in providing the necessary data and insights to optimize supply chain operations.”

Bosch is releasing an Integrated Asset Performance Management (IAPM) solution running on Amazon Web Services (AWS) to create a Uniﬁed Digital Enterprise in the APJ region
Bosch Global Software Technologies (BGSW), formerly known as Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions (RBEI), announced the availability of an Integrated Asset Performance Management (IAPM) solution running on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Bosch Digital Twin – IAPM (Integrated Asset Performance Management) powered by AWS is a Cyber-Physical System solution for industrial and energy infrastructure customers.
The Bosch Digital Twin – IAPM uses artificial intelligence to improve predictability, decision-making, and operations efficiency. Customers can resolve issues and simplify complex automation by evaluating collected data. This enables implementation of Reliability-Centered Maintenance (RCM) and Total Productive Mainte­nance (TPM) practices. An ecosystem of actionable insights is created to drive identified competitive, operational, and business advantages.
Using AWS IoT TwinMaker, a cloud service which makes it faster and easier to create digital twins of real-world systems and apply them to monitor and optimize industrial operations, the solution enables customers with scalable digital transformation by connecting people, products, and processes. The Bosch Digital Twin-IAPM creates a digitally immersive visual representation of physical assets for enhanced human-machine collaboration.
Speaking about the power of Bosch’s innovation, Vadiraj Krishnamurthy, CTO, VP, Bosch Global Software Technologies, BGSW said, “Energy consumption by rotating equipment in large industries contributes to a major share of total energy. The Digital Twin – IAPM (Integrated Asset Performance Management) offering by Bosch has a direct impact in improving asset efficiency & therefore associated energy costs leading to efficient control of energy-related carbon emissions.”
“By combining Bosch’s manufacturing expertise from more than 200+ plants worldwide with AWS, Bosch Digital Twin – IAPM makes it easy and cost-effective to optimize industrial operations using the power of a cyber-physical solution based on industry specific artificial intelligence.”, adds Karsten Roenner, General Manager of grow platform, a Bosch company.

Stuttgart and Renningen, Germany, May 05, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --
2022 business year provides solid basis for the future
Targets for 2022 business year achieved: sales of 88.2 billion euros / earnings of 3.8 billion euros / EBIT margin from operations of 4.3 percent
Outlook for 2023: global economic growth of 1.7 percent / sales to grow 6 to 9 percent / EBIT margin from operations in the region of 5 percent
Heavy investments in securing the future: more than 12 billion euros R&D and capital expenditure in 2022
Bosch in North America achieves double-digit growth in 2022; investing more in 2023 and beyond
Realignment of mobility business: business sector aiming for sales of more than 80 billion euros by 2029
Stefan Hartung: “With technology ‘Invented for life,’ our aim is to grow in every region of the world and to be among the leading three suppliers in our relevant markets.”
Markus Forschner: “In 2023, we want to come one step closer to our long-term target of at least 7 percent margin.”
In 2022, Bosch exceeded its business targets in what was a challenging year. The supplier of technology and services increased its total sales to 88.2 billion euros, following 78.7 billion euros the previous year. This is an increase of 12.0 percent, or an exchange rate-adjusted 9.4 percent. At 3.8 billion euros, EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) from operations is also higher than the previous-year figure of 3.2 billion euros. The EBIT margin from operations rose from 4.0 to 4.3 percent. Presenting the company’s annual figures, Dr. Stefan Hartung, the chairman of the board of management of Robert Bosch GmbH, said: “We rose well to the challenges of 2022 – both our sales and our margin were higher than expected. And even if the economic and social environment remains demanding, we want to grow significantly faster.”
In the years ahead, given normal rates of inflation, the aim is for annual sales to grow by 6 to 8 percent on average, and for margin to reach at least 7 percent. “Our aim is to grow in every region of the world and to be among the leading three suppliers in our relevant markets,” Hartung said.
The fight against climate change is causing considerable upheaval in business and society, and also accelerating technological change. “This technological transformation is opening up growth opportunities that we want to seize, both in our existing business and in related and new areas,” Hartung said. “In this context, our ‘Invented for life’ ethos is ideal – not only when it comes to the major trends of electrification, automation, and digitalization, but more than ever also with respect to software and artificial intelligence.”
Investments in the future: innovative strength needs financial strength
“Despite the challenging environment, we can look back on solid results in 2022. On top of that, we have prepared the ground for Bosch’s success in the markets of the future,” said Dr. Markus Forschner, the CFO of Robert Bosch GmbH. All in all, the company spent more than 12 billion euros last year on securing its future. Expenditure on research and development rose to 7.2 billion euros (from 6.1 billion euros in 2021), or 8.2 percent of sales (7.8 percent in 2021). Capital expenditure also increased by 1 billion euros to 4.9 billion euros. The equity ratio rose slightly to 46.6 percent (2021: 45.3 percent). Apart from upfront investments, ensuring that the company maintained its ability to deliver in times of great uncertainty tied up funds. This resulted in a negative free cash flow of 4.0 billion euros last year. As Forschner pointed out: “Even if Bosch does have the necessary funds and a very sound financial position, we have to maintain a difficult balancing act between investments and cost discipline.”
Outlook for 2023: cost pressure, inflation, and a cooling economy
Despite the after-effects of the Covid-19 pandemic, the Bosch Group was able to increase its sales by 3.5 percent in the first quarter of 2023. North America developed especially favorably, with double-digit growth of 18.1 percent. In Europe as well, the company grew by a strong 7.7 percent. “The first few months of the new business year have shown that 2023 will also be a challenging year,” the CFO said. He explained that he expects prices on the raw materials and energy markets, as well as inflation, to remain high. For 2023, Bosch expects global economic output to grow just 1.7 percent, and thus to cool by a further considerable degree year on year. Despite the modest economic outlook, Bosch is aiming for sales growth of between 6 and 9 percent in 2023. Its target for EBIT margin from operations is in the region of 5 percent. “In this way, we want to come one step closer to our long-term target of at least 7 percent margin,” Forschner said. “We have set ourselves an ambitious roadmap.”
Sales in North America increase as organization invests for growth
Bosch ended its 2022 fiscal year with $15.1 billion USD (14.3 euros) in sales to third parties, an increase of nearly 12 percent year-over-year. The region achieved total net sales of more than $16 billion USD when accounting for internal sales. The Mobility Solutions business sector increased sales by more than 12 percent to nearly $9 billion USD in the North American region. Energy and Building Technology as well as Industrial Technology business sectors both posted double digit growth in the region. Energy and Building Technology increased by around 30 percent to more than $1.3 billion while Industrial Technology increased around 20 percent to more than $1.2 billion. After two straight years of double-digit growth in 2020 and 2021, the Consumer Goods business sector once again achieved sales of $3.5 billion USD in 2022, which equaled 2021.
To build on its success in the North American region, Bosch is investing for growth. In April 2023, the company announced plans to acquire U.S. chipmaker TSI Semiconductors in Roseville, California. The company intends to invest more than $1.5 billion USD in the site for upgrades in order to produce silicon carbide chips for electromobility. In July 2022, Bosch announced it would expand its global hydraulics business by acquiring HydraForce, a U.S.-based specialist hydraulic company. In February 2023, the acquisition was completed and HydraForce is now part of the Bosch Rexroth portfolio, within the Industrial Technology business sector at Bosch.
The company also announced investments in its local manufacturing in 2022. In South Carolina, the company has begun investments to expand production supporting its mobility business and plans to invest around $450 million. This included fuel cell stack production in Anderson, S.C., which is expected to launch in 2026, and expansion of mobility-related production – including electric motors – in Charleston. In total, the two investments in mobility-related production in South Carolina are expected to generate up to 700 new jobs. Bosch also announced an investment of $260 million for a new appliance manufacturing center in Nuevo León, Mexico and a $215 million investment for Bosch Rexroth in Queretaro, Mexico that will create more than 900 jobs.
“The North American market – and in particular the United States – holds strong promise for growth at Bosch as part of a diverse global portfolio,” said Mike Mansuetti, president of Bosch in North America. “We are focused on identifying and delivering products and services that meet the regional needs of our customers across all areas of our business.”
Mobility business: growth through realignment
Bosch is realigning its mobility business to changed market and customer requirements. The aim is to be able to serve existing and new customer needs even better and faster with customized solutions from a single source. “We want to remain a leading supplier of technology and the preferred partner for our customers in the mobility industry. We’re preparing the ground for this,” Hartung said. What has up to now been the Mobility Solutions business sector, with some 230,000 associates at more than 300 locations in 66 countries worldwide, will now be known as the “Bosch Mobility” business sector. Within the company, it will be responsible for its own business and have its own leadership team. Effective January 1, 2024, the individual divisions will be redrawn in some cases and given horizontal responsibilities as well. The Bosch chairman announced that the aim is for the newly restructured mobility business to grow by an average of roughly 6 percent up to 2029, when it will achieve annual sales of more than 80 billion euros. One pillar of its future growth will be the market for automotive software, which is expected to triple by the end of the decade. In this market, Bosch Mobility will provide its customers with software solutions for operating systems and domain-specific applications for software-defined vehicles.
Energy and Building Technology: growth with the move to alternative heating
Hartung believes that the overhaul of global energy systems in particular is a source of additional business potential: “Growth won’t just be found on our roads, even if we are very successful there,” Hartung said. “When it comes to the electrification of heating systems, our heat pumps are very much in demand.” At Bosch, this field is just as much a driver of above-average growth as electrical powertrains for vehicles. The company is expanding its heat-pump capacity, and wants to invest more than 1 billion euros in total in Europe by the end of the decade. Following the start of volume production in Eibelshausen, Germany, at the start of the year, Bosch recently announced the construction of a further plant in Poland. “To make it affordable for homeowners to modernize their heating systems, we are promoting hybrid solutions as well,” Hartung said. “The use of an existing gas-fired boiler in combination with a smaller-scale heat pump generally rules out the need for extensive refurbishment.” Compared with a heat pump-only solution, this could reduce modernization costs by as much as 30 percent. Bosch expects the European heat-pump market to grow 20 percent in 2023 – with sales related to this growing more than twice as fast at Bosch. This rapid growth is expected to last until the middle of the decade. Bosch is also benefiting from the move to make commercial buildings more energy- and cost-efficient: in acquiring Hörburger AG, the company recently extended its portfolio to include building automation.
Industrial technology and consumer goods: ambitious growth targets
In its industrial technology and consumer goods businesses as well, Bosch is on a growth path: sales revenue from industrial technology has increased from 5 to 7 billion euros since 2016. “The target for sales revenue in 2028 is 10 billion euros – this is important in order to be among the frontrunners in industrial technology,” the Bosch chairman said. He added that the recent acquisition of HydraForce, with its roughly 2,100 associates, will play a central role here: “The takeover of this U.S. specialist has not only tripled our sales of compact hydraulics,” he said. “In addition, HydraForce’s dealer network will also give us better access to the U.S. market.” Bosch Rexroth is also entering a new field – the electrification of mobile machinery. The division has very recently launched its eLion program, a complete product portfolio for this field. It also has a large number of orders from makers of off-highway vehicles. “The electrification of tractors, concrete mixers, and excavators is just what the industry has been waiting for.”
The Consumer Goods business sector also has ambitious growth targets: Bosch Power Tools, for example, aims to more than double its sales by 2030, and to surpass the 10-billion-euro mark. To bring this about, the company already invested some 300 million euros last year in programs such as expanding its accessories business. Further nine-figure investments are planned for this year. One of their focal points will be North America, which on its own represents more than 40 percent of the global power-tool market. BSH Hausgeräte is also strengthening its position there: from 2024, for example, it will manufacture cooling appliances for the North American market in a new factory in Mexico.
Business year 2022: Development by business sector
Mobility Solutions, the company’s biggest business sector, significantly increased its sales by 16.0 percent (12.1 percent after adjusting for exchange-rate effects) to 52.6 billion euros. The margin from operations was better than expected, rising from 0.7 to 3.4 percent. “Despite chronic chip shortages and only weak growth in automotive production, we were able to considerably increase our mobility-related sales,” Forschner said. “And we too were forced to adapt our prices to increased costs.” The Industrial Technology business sector benefited from the robust machinery market. Its sales grew by 13.9 percent (11.0 percent after adjusting for exchange-rate effects) to 6.9 billion euros. Its EBIT margin increased to 9.8 percent. The Consumer Goods business sector suffered from the steep drop in demand for home appliances and power tools. Nonetheless, its sales rose 1.5 percent (1.6 percent after adjusting for exchange-rate effects) to 21.3 billion euros. In addition, the phasing-out of its Russia business put a strain on earnings. Its EBIT margin from operations came to 4.5 percent, following 10.2 percent the previous year. The Energy and Building Technology business sector grew significantly in 2022, by 17.4 percent (15.9 percent after adjusting for exchange-rate effects), to 7.0 billion euros. One of the drivers of this demand was the heavy demand for climate-friendly heating technology. The EBIT margin was 6.0 percent (2021: 5.1 percent).
Business year 2022: Development by region
“In all regions, the Bosch Group was able to post a significant increase in sales in 2022 – above all in the Americas,” Forschner said. Sales in North America rose 25.7 percent to 14.4 billion euros. Adjusted for exchange-rate effects, the figure is 12.3 percent. In South America, sales reached 1.8 billion euros. This is an increase of 26.0 percent, or 16.7 percent after adjusting for exchange-rate effects. Sales revenue in Europe was up 7.3 percent year on year, totaling 44.3 billion euros. Adjusted for exchange-rate effects, growth was 9.8 percent. In Asia Pacific (including other regions), sales rose by 12.8 percent to 27.7 billion euros. Adjusted for exchange-rate effects, growth was 7.1 percent.
Headcount 2022: increase of 18,724 worldwide
As of December 31, 2022, the Bosch Group employed 421,338 people worldwide – 18,724 more than the previous year. Headcount increased in all regions, with most of the growth in the Americas and Asia Pacific. In research and development, headcount grew by 9,422 to 85,543 associates. Of this number, some 44,000 people work in software development.
About Bosch
Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15.1 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico in 2022. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 421,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2022). The company generated sales of 88.2 billion euros in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 470 subsidiary and regional companies in over 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 136 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 85,500 associates in research and development, of which nearly 44,000 are software engineers.
The company was set up in Stuttgart in 1886 by Robert Bosch (1861–1942) as “Workshop for Precision Mechanics and Electrical Engineering.” The special ownership structure of Robert Bosch GmbH guarantees the entrepreneurial freedom of the Bosch Group, making it possible for the company to plan over the long term and to undertake significant upfront investments in the safeguarding of its future. Ninety-four percent of the share capital of Robert Bosch GmbH is held by Robert Bosch Stiftung GmbH, a charitable foundation. The remaining shares are held by Robert Bosch GmbH and by a corporation owned by the Bosch family. The majority of voting rights are held by Robert Bosch Industrietreuhand KG, an industrial trust. The entrepreneurial ownership functions are carried out by the trust.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPress

Industrial IoT (IIoT) is defined as a set of tools and applications that allow large companies to create an end-to-end connected environment from the core to the edge.
It also encompasses traditional physical infrastructure like shipping containers and logistics trucks to gather data, react to events, and make smarter decisions with the help of smart devices.
This article explains IIoT architecture and its benefits.
What Is IIoT?
Industrial IoT (IIoT) is a set of tools and applications that allow large companies to create an end-to-end connected environment from the core to the edge. It also encompasses traditional physical infrastructure like shipping containers and logistics trucks to gather data, react to events, and make smarter decisions with the help of smart devices.
It is an expansion of the internet of things (IoT), which has numerous consumer sector applications. IoT use cases include, for instance, remotely turning off the lights using a smart home device such as Amazon Echo, enabled by Alexa speech recognition.
In industrial operations, this technology is used commercially on a big scale in surroundings with complicated infrastructure and large equipment. In contrast, IIoT enables remote management of the entire factory’s heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) systems. This is only one IIoT use case that simplifies and improves enterprise operations management.
How does IIoT work?
IIoT is a subclass of the IoT, wherein companies are redefining how they connect, monitor, analyze, and act on industrial data to reduce costs and promote growth.
General Electric, among the five founders of the Industry IoT Consortium, is credited with coining the phrase “industrial internet.”
The notion behind IIoT is to use the data that “dumb devices” in industrial facilities have been generating for years. Smart machines in assembly lines are not only faster at capturing and analyzing data but also at communicating vital information, which can be useful for making quicker and more precise business decisions.
The integration of information technology (IT) and operational technology (OT) drives IIoT. It is a matrix of networks linking devices and equipment, gathering data via sensor technologies, analyzing it, and integrating it directly into platforms as a service. IIoT will herald a new age of industrial use cases with many opportunities for economic expansion.
IIoT collects a vast amount of field data from the factory floor, transmits it via connection nodes, analyzes it on servers, and transforms the information into actionable insights on a cloud platform. This encourages businesses to make better decisions for their specific markets and target audiences. In other words, IIoT is a system that connects edge devices, such as actuators, sensors, controllers, connection switches, gateways, and industrial personal computers (IPC), to the cloud.
Industry 4.0 and IIoT: How are they related?
Industry 4.0 is the outcome of the fourth industrial revolution. The fourth industrial revolution is defined by the integration of conventional, automated manufacturing with industrial processes powered by intelligent technologies and autonomously communicating devices.
The phrase Industry 4.0, shortened to I4.0 or simply I4, emerged in 2011 from an initiative of the German government that, over the last two decades, advocated the digitization of industrial processes significantly.
As stated by the Boston Consulting Group, IIoT is a major pillar of Industry 4.0, along with additive manufacturing or 3D printing, augmented reality (AR), autonomous robots, big data analytics, cloud computing, cybersecurity, horizontal and vertical system integration, and simulations. This is because autonomous communication among machines and a dispersed digital environment enables the automated resolution of problems that previously required human intervention.
Industry 4.0 covers IIoT, digitalization, and corporate sustainability in its broader scope. IIoT is the driving force behind industry 4.0, which would not exist without it. In other words, IIoT is restricted to data detection, data transfer, data computing, data processing, and domain-specific intelligent applications.
See More: What Is the Internet of Everything? Meaning, Examples, and Uses
IIoT Architecture
A typical industrial IoT architecture or IIoT architecture describes the arrangement of digital systems so that they together provide network and data connectivity between sensors, IoT devices, data storage, and other layers. Therefore, IIoT architecture must have the following:
IIoT Architecture Components
1. IoT-enabled devices at the edge of the network
These are the groupings of networked objects located at the edge of an IoT ecosystem. These are situated as near as feasible to the data source. These are often wireless actuators and sensors in an industrial environment. A processing unit or small computing device and a collection of observing endpoints are present. Edge IoT devices may range from legacy equipment in a brownfield environment to cameras, microphones, sensors, and other meters and monitors.
What occurs at the network’s most remote edge? Sensors acquire data from both the surrounding environment and the items they monitor. Then, they transform the information into metrics and numbers that an IoT platform can analyze and transform into actionable insights. Actuators control the processes occurring in the observed environment. They modify the physical circumstances in which data is produced.
2. Edge data management and initial processing
Without high-quality, high-volume data, sophisticated analytics and artificial intelligence cannot be used to their full potential. Even on the sensor level, data processing is possible, which is necessary if you need information immediately.
In this aspect, edge computing provides the quickest answers since data is preprocessed at the network’s edge, at the sensors themselves. Here, you can conduct analyses on your digital and aggregated data. Once the relevant insights have been gathered, one can move forward to the next stage instead of sending all the collected information. This additional processing decreases data volumes sent to data centers or the cloud.
3. Cloud for advanced processing
Edge devices are restricted in their capacity for preprocessing. While you should strive to reach as near to the edge as is realistically possible to limit the consumption of native computational power, users will need to utilize the cloud for processing that is more in-depth and thorough.
At this point, you must choose whether to prioritize the agility and immediacy of edge devices or the advanced insights of cloud computing. Cloud-based solutions can perform extensive processing. Here, it is possible to aggregate data from different sources and provide insights that are unavailable at the edge.
In the context of IIoT architecture, the cloud will have:
A hub: It offers a secure link to the on-site system in addition to telemetry and device control. The hub provides remote connectivity to and from on-premises systems, if required, across several locations. It maintains all elements of communication, such as connection management, the secure communication channel, and device verification and authorization.
Storage: It is useful for storing information before and after it is processed.
Analytics: It aids in data processing and analysis.
A user interface: It provides visualization for conveying the analysis findings to the end user, often via a web browser interface and also through alerts via email, text message, and/or phone call.
4. Internet gateways
Here sensor data is gathered and turned into digital channels for further processing at the internet gateway. After obtaining the aggregated and digitized data, the gateway transmits it over the internet so that it may be further processed before being uploaded to the cloud. Gateways continue to be part of the edge’s data-collecting systems. They remain adjacent to the actuators and sensors and perform preliminary data processing at the edge.
Gateways may be deployed as hardware or software:
Hardware: Hardware gateways are autonomous devices. Wire-based (analog and digital) and wireless interfaces are provided for the downstream sensor connection. They also provide Internet connectivity, either natively or via a standard link to a router.
Software: On PCs, software gateways may be installed instead of connecting hardware gateways. The software operates either in the background or foreground and offers upstream and downstream communications links as the hardware entry point, with the PC supplying the physical interfaces. Software-based gateways may enable access to visual sensor settings and sensor data presentation via user interfaces.
5. Connectivity protocols
Protocols are required for the transfer of data across the IIoT system. These protocols should preferably be industry-standard, well-defined, and secure. Protocol specifications may contain physical properties of connections and cabling, the procedure for establishing a communication channel, and the format of the data sent over that channel.
Some of the common protocols used in IIoT architecture include:
Advanced Message Queueing Protocol (AMQP): It is a connection-led, bidirectional, multiplexing, compact data-encoding message transport protocol. AMQP, unlike HTTP, was built for IIoT-oriented cloud connectivity.
MQ Telemetry Transport (MQTT): This is a compact client-server message transport protocol. MQTT benefits IIoT devices because of its short message frame sizes and minimal code space.
Constrained Application Protocol (CoAP): This is a datagram-led protocol that may be deployed via a transport layer, including user datagram protocol (UDP). CoAP is a condensed version of HTTP developed for IIoT requirements.
6. IIoT platforms
IIoT systems are now capable of orchestrating, monitoring, and controlling operations throughout the whole value chain. The platforms control the device data and manage the analytics, data visualization, and artificial intelligence (AI) duties from the edge devices and, in certain cases, the sensors right through to the cloud and back.
The industrial internet reference architecture (IIRA) may serve as a reference for developing sophisticated systems in the IIoT domain. In general, the IIRA’s frameworks advocate that businesses design a framework using a systematic approach, which includes feedback and iterations. In addition, the report suggests customizing IIoT designs for a particular business sector, such as energy, healthcare, transportation, and governmental use.
See More: Top 10 Applications of IoT in 2022
Benefits of IIoT
Benefits of IIoT
Industrial IoT offers the following benefits:
1. Boosts efficiency
The biggest benefit of IIoT is its ability to help enterprises automate and thereby maximize operational efficiency. In addition, physical equipment may be linked to software solutions through sensors that continuously monitor performance. This provides enterprises with a greater understanding of the operational efficiency of specific pieces of equipment and whole fleets. Additionally, IIoT enables data-driven decisions and remote monitoring of all production processes.
2. Increases production
By boosting equipment usage, organizations with IoT-enabled manufacturing processes are likely to increase their productivity. As previously mentioned, networked devices deliver a continuous stream of data that offers insights into equipment operation. This allows you to increase the total equipment effectiveness, maximizing machine performance during their operational time. Additionally, using IIoT devices improves human capital usage. Smart devices can be utilized to perform menial, repetitive, and hazardous activities, thereby freeing employees for other, more strategic production-related jobs.
3. Reduces errors
The use of IIoT compels organizations to automate production operations. Eliminating the human element from industrial operations removes inefficiencies that would result in defective products exiting the assembly line. With fewer quality flaws, the company’s profitability increases due to improved customer satisfaction and brand recognition.
See More: What Is IoT Device Management? Definition, Key Features, and Software
4. Predicts maintenance needs
Predictive maintenance is a strategy for avoiding asset failure via the analysis of production data to discover patterns and forecast impending problems.
Incorporating IIoT sensors into industrial equipment allows notifications for condition-based management. These sensors record the temperature, humidity, and other ambient variables in the working area, as well as the composition of the materials and the impact that transportation factors have had or may have on the shipment. All of this data is useful for predictive maintenance. Consequently, you may avoid asset failure, decrease expenses, and minimize machine downtime.
5. Keeps workers safe
Smart manufacturing enables greater security, with all IIoT sensors collaborating to monitor employee and workplace safety. Integrated safety systems may safeguard work floors, production lines, and personnel. In the event of an accident, the whole facility may be notified, activities can be halted, and senior management can intercede to address the situation. This incident may also yield useful information that can be used to avoid future occurrences.
6. Saves energy costs
Industrial operations are responsible for significant worldwide supplied power, which is detrimental to sustainability and the overall bottom line. Constant monitoring of your system using sensors and gadgets might reveal inefficiencies that lead to waste. This encompasses not just monitoring your equipment but also your comprehensive business, such as regulating the temperature, water use, humidity, and lighting of your facility. In addition, as IoT technology advances, sensors consume less energy, which is a boon to your bottom line.
7. Improves field services and customer experience
IIoT can help improve the delivery of field services. It is determined by aspects such as time, context, and technical personnel participation in a specific service operation. IIoT also allows real-time data visibility. This implies that the original equipment manufacturer (OEM), the end consumer, and any other interested parties are informed of the risks and difficulties as they arise so that it results in a positive experience.
See More: Distributed Computing vs. Grid Computing: 10 Key Comparisons
IIoT Examples
Most notable industries and companies, from retail to manufacturing, use IIoT in some way. Here are some notable IIoT examples that have resulted in positive business outcomes:
1. PepsiCo uses IIoT for asset tracking
Embedded IIoT components in shipping, fleets, and packaging may aid in tracking inventories from start to end. It should also maintain an equilibrium between supply and demand by tracking inventory levels. PepsiCo is an example of an organization that utilizes this industrial IoT use case. It employs a vast array of technologies to adapt to market demands, manage inventory system visibility, and automatically adjust replenishment rules.
2. BMW uses IIoT to create digital twins of its products
Digital twins are an industrial IoT application in which a sophisticated collection of sensors are utilized to construct an accurate simulation of a product or production environment, down to the last detail and physical characteristics. BMW employs IIoT, artificial intelligence (AI), and immersive technologies to construct a digital duplicate of a factory’s entire production process. This enables the organization to develop, evaluate, and optimize goods in a realistic setting without incurring related expenses or risks.
3. L&T uses IIoT for remote monitoring and cost savings
The energy and utilities sector utilizes large operational infrastructure, sometimes in hazardous conditions where human operators are unsuitable. In these instances, IIoT devices may gather and transmit crucial operational data without the presence of a human operator. For instance, Larsen & Toubro (L&T) is deploying a remotely monitored Green Hydrogen Station in Gujarat, India. Using IIoT, L&T may reduce operational and energy expenses and gain relevant insights into the functioning of the energy plant.
4. An Irish distillery using IIoT for environmental monitoring
The food and beverage sector relies heavily on the capacity to manufacture and store products under ideal environmental conditions. Industrial IoT systems may monitor environmental changes to warn floor managers before product degradation occurs. The distilleries producing alcoholic beverages are an ideal example of IIoT since they operate under delicate environmental conditions. Frilli, a supplier of distillation plants, has recently deployed IIoT technologies for an Irish beverage brand to provide automation, efficiency, and uniform process flows.
5. Airbus uses Bosch’s IIoT platform to build a smart factory
Airbus seeks to eliminate faults by integrating industrial IoT sensors into machines and equipment on the manufacturing floor and providing employees with wearables (such as industrial smart glasses). A single error in the process might cost the organization millions of dollars to rectify. After launching its “Factory of the Future” in collaboration with Bosch, Airbus is using digital intelligence to optimize operations and increase productivity.
See More: What Is the Internet of Everything? Meaning, Examples, and Uses
Takeaway
Industrial IoT is now a staple for large companies and among the key products offered by major cloud vendors like Microsoft and Amazon Web Services (AWS). IIoT extends the capabilities of advanced data analytics and the cloud to industrial applications such as equipment maintenance, factory operations, supply chain management, and personnel safety. The data from IIoT platforms can even help simulate and test products in a digital environment to perfectly converge digital with physical systems, exponentially improving industrial outcomes.
Did this article help you understand the meaning and working of IIoT? Tell us on FacebookOpens a new window , TwitterOpens a new window , and LinkedInOpens a new window . We’d love to hear from you!
Image Source: Shutterstock
MORE ON THE INTERNET OF THINGS (IoT)
What Is Edge Computing? Components, Examples, and Best Practices
Edge Computing vs. Fog Computing: 10 Key Comparisons
Edge Computing vs. Cloud Computing: 10 Key Comparisons
Top 10 Edge Computing Platforms in 2022
What is SASE (Secure Access Service Edge)? Meaning, Working, and Benefits

Productivity, sustainability, innovation, collaboration, security, customer satisfaction—the promise of digital transformation to deliver any number of game-changing results is driving organizations’ strategies to accelerate growth in an uncertain climate.
But as organizations increasingly migrate infrastructure to multi-cloud environments and incorporate such emerging technologies as edge computing and internet of things (IoT), the complexity of information technology (IT) is impeding success, according to 82% of respondents to a recent survey of large enterprises around the world.
Conversely, 46% of the survey’s respondents said reducing IT complexity drives innovation. And as leading organizations in a range of sectors—including telecommunications, government, automotive, and health care—transition to multi-cloud, some identify IT simplicity as critical to their efforts to strengthen operations, increase productivity, accelerate innovation, improve customer experience, and fortify cybersecurity.
Leading organizations in the finance, energy, and technology sectors illustrate how businesses can thrive when they strategize to overcome IT complexity.
Powering Financial Inclusion
iOCO, a South African banking-as-a-service (BaaS) provider, assists large banks in advancing financial inclusion to support underserved populations in this economically diverse nation.
Recognizing that traditional financial lending often excludes small businesses, iOCO aimed to use its technology to drive change. For its partner banks to deliver innovative financial solutions to these underserved sectors, iOCO needed to leverage the full capabilities of its own mainframe.
Through use of the right software tools to open up, manage, and scale their environment, iOCO’s BaaS offering can now help banks reach new markets with their services faster—and without the traditional costly capital expenses.
“Nothing can match the transaction performance of a mainframe,” says Johan Bosch, iOCO’s executive director for managed services. By using technology that could simplify iOCO’s mainframe infrastructure, Bosch says, “We can deliver the services at 25% of the cost when measured against stand-alone banking environments.”
Strengthening Security
U.K.-based utility SGN distributes gas to nearly 6 million customers in the U.K. and sets its top priorities as customer satisfaction and safety.
But the IT complexity of any utility—given their intricate networks of connected applications, cloud services, and IoT sensors and infrastructure—creates many points of vulnerability, which contribute to some wariness in the energy sector about migrating operations to the cloud.
When SGN set itself the objective of migrating its complex network of workloads to a multi-cloud environment by 2019, one top concern—beyond increasing agility, cutting costs, and enabling greater innovation—was to strengthen its cybersecurity and minimize the risk of threats to its workforce and its customers.
SGN implemented an integrated security ecosystem that established a central network to correlate all information and access the world’s largest civilian threat intelligence database, which helps the company see threats to its operations emerge, even from around the world, and update its environments accordingly. With these real-time insights, SGN can better respond to threats in real time and do more to prevent danger.
Beyond tightening its cybersecurity, the simplicity of SGN’s multi-cloud network allows the company to increase the productivity and collaboration of its remote workforce. Even better, its clear commitment to safety boosts its customers’ trust.
Making Complexity Make Sense
Japan-based managed service provider Fujitsu oversees large, complex environments for enterprise customers in Central Europe that incorporate a range of network infrastructures and such technologies as internet, internal access, and firewalls.
To optimize its performance for customer data centers in Germany, Fujitsu needed to simplify complex environments, providing tools for efficiency to help engineers access and triage incidents, manage infrastructure, and automate business processes such as customer onboarding. One area of concern: monitoring and alerting systems generating excessive false-alarm “noise.”
Fujitsu determined it needed to offer a single-pane operational dashboard to help customers and internal staff monitor inventory, performance, and real-time network health and use high-scale performance analysis technology that could store, analyze, and display massive amounts of information.
Enhancing its network operations (NetOps) now helps Fujitsu quickly identify the sources of performance problems, and its stability improvements have dramatically reduced alarm noise from its customers’ monitoring and alerting systems; increased visibility into application traffic, allowing earlier detection of abnormal patterns; and boosted root-cause analysis to improve the speed of resolution.
New Tools of the Trade
Whether using mainframes to strengthen collaboration and ideation, introducing NetOps to find more signal and less noise, or implementing an integrated cybersecurity ecosystem, all of these improvements are based on simplifying IT complexity.
For sector-leading organizations, a key to success is to reduce IT complexity by teaming with a partner that can introduce simplicity and expertise to their operations and help them meet and exceed their goals.
To learn more, visit us at software.broadcom.com.

HSINCHU, Taiwan & STUTTGART, Germany & MUNICH & EINDHOVEN, Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--TSMC (TWSE: 2330, NYSE: TSM), Robert Bosch GmbH, Infineon Technologies AG (FSE: IFX / OTCQX: IFNNY), and NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ: NXPI) today announced a plan to jointly invest in European Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (ESMC) GmbH, in Dresden, Germany to provide advanced semiconductor manufacturing services. ESMC marks a significant step towards construction of a 300mm fab to support the future capacity needs of the fast-growing automotive and industrial sectors, with the final investment decision pending confirmation of the level of public funding for this project. The project is planned under the framework of the European Chips Act.
The planned fab is expected to have a monthly production capacity of 40,000 300mm (12-inch) wafers on TSMC’s 28/22 nanometer planar CMOS and 16/12 nanometer FinFET process technology, further strengthening Europe’s semiconductor manufacturing ecosystem with advanced FinFET transistor technology and creating about 2,000 direct high-tech professional jobs. ESMC aims to begin construction of the fab in the second half of 2024 with production targeted to begin by the end of 2027.
The planned joint venture will be 70% owned by TSMC, with Bosch, Infineon, and NXP each holding 10% equity stake, subject to regulatory approvals and other conditions. Total investments are expected to exceed 10 billion euros consisting of equity injection, debt borrowing, and strong support from the European Union and German government. The fab will be operated by TSMC.
“This investment in Dresden demonstrates TSMC’s commitment to serving our customers’ strategic capacity and technology needs, and we are excited at this opportunity to deepen our long-standing partnership with Bosch, Infineon, and NXP,” said Dr. CC Wei, Chief Executive Officer of TSMC. “Europe is a highly promising place for semiconductor innovation, particularly in the automotive and industrial fields, and we look forward to bringing those innovations to life on our advanced silicon technology with the talent in Europe.”
Dr. Stefan Hartung, Chairman of the Bosch board of management: “Semiconductors are not only a crucial success factor for Bosch. Their reliable availability is also of great importance for the success of the global automotive industry. Apart from continuously expanding our own manufacturing facilities, we further secure our supply chains as an automotive supplier through close cooperation with our partners. With TSMC, we are pleased to gain a global innovation leader to strengthen the semiconductor ecosystem in the direct vicinity of our semiconductor plant in Dresden.”
“Our joint investment is an important milestone to bolster the European semiconductor ecosystem. With this, Dresden is strengthening its position as one of the world’s most important semiconductor hubs that is already home to Infineon’s largest frontend site,” said Jochen Hanebeck, CEO of Infineon Technologies. “Infineon will use the new capacity to serve the growing demand particularly of its European customers, especially in automotive and IoT. The advanced capabilities will provide a basis for developing innovative technologies, products and solutions to address the global challenges of decarbonization and digitalisation.”
“NXP is very committed to strengthening innovation and supply chain resilience in Europe,” said Kurt Sievers, President and CEO of NXP Semiconductors. “We thank the European Union, Germany, and the Free State of Saxony for their recognition of the semiconductor industry’s critical role and for their true commitment to boost Europe’s chip ecosystem. The construction of this new and significant semiconductor foundry will add much needed innovation and capacity for the range of silicon required to supply the sharply increasing digitalization and electrification of the automotive and industrial sectors.”
About Bosch
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 421,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2022). The company generated sales of 88.2 billion euros in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 470 subsidiary and regional companies in over 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 136 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 85,500 associates in research and development, of which nearly 44,000 are software engineers. Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
About Infineon
Infineon Technologies AG is a global semiconductor leader in power systems and IoT. Infineon drives decarbonization and digitalization with its products and solutions. The company has around 56,200 employees worldwide and generated revenue of about €14.2 billion in the 2022 fiscal year (ending 30 September). Infineon is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (ticker symbol: IFX) and in the USA on the over-the-counter market OTCQX International over-the-counter market (ticker symbol: IFNNY). Further information is available at www.infineon.com
Follow us: Twitter – Facebook – LinkedIn
About NXP Semiconductors
NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ: NXPI) brings together bright minds to create breakthrough technologies that make the connected world better, safer and more secure. As a world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, NXP is pushing boundaries in the automotive, industrial & IoT, mobile, and communication infrastructure markets while delivering solutions that advance a more sustainable future. Built on more than 60 years of combined experience and expertise, the company has approximately 34,500 team members in more than 30 countries and posted revenue of $13.21 billion in 2022. Find out more at www.nxp.com.
About TSMC
TSMC pioneered the pure-play foundry business model when it was founded in 1987, and has been the world’s leading dedicated semiconductor foundry ever since. The Company supports a thriving ecosystem of global customers and partners with the industry’s leading process technologies and portfolio of design enablement solutions to unleash innovation for the global semiconductor industry. With global operations spanning Asia, Europe, and North America, TSMC serves as a committed corporate citizen around the world.
TSMC deployed 288 distinct process technologies, and manufactured 12,698 products for 532 customers in 2022 by providing broadest range of advanced, specialty and advanced packaging technology services. The Company is headquartered in Hsinchu, Taiwan. For more information please visit https://www.tsmc.com.

Bosch has appointed Ulrike Hetzel to head its new Bosch Digital division, which will merge the Bosch.IO subsidiary and the company’s IT services unit from January 2023.
Bosch.IO handles all activities focused on the internet of things, itself a consolidation of the former Bosch Software Innovations division with other specialised IoT and digital teams across the group. The company now wants to further digitalise its core business and open up new areas of activity in software and services under the Bosch Digital division led by Hetzel.
Ulrike Hetzel takes up the role of president of Bosch Digital from the beginning of January 2023
“With the planned reorganisation, we will be merging the IT and software expertise of the two units,” said Dr Tanja Rückert, Bosch Group’s chief digital officer. “We want to develop a powerful organisation in a modern work environment, and in this way to take the software culture forward throughout our company.”
As president of Bosch Digital, Hetzel will be responsible for global IT services and support the digitalisation of the Bosch Group’s divisions with technical, IT and digital services.
“Taking Bosch into the digital future and actively shaping the strategy of the new corporate sector Bosch Digital is an exciting task. I’m really looking forward to it,” she says. “I will be able to draw on my many years of experience in the field.”
Hetzel is currently chief technology officer and board member overseeing services, innovation, and IT at Dekra, the German vehicle safety monitoring organisation. Prior to that she worked for Bosch between 2015 and 2020 in a number of IT roles, including executive management of corporate IT. Hetzel was also with IBM for 16 years, including as head of its Infrastructure Technology Services unit.
Read more about Bosch’s developments in IT in this interview with its CIO Vijay Ratnaparkhe

NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Bosch Global Software Technologies (BGSW), the largest offshore development centre for Bosch worldwide, today announced that its Connected Products and IoT Solutions has been recognized as a “Leader” by Information Services Group (ISG).
ISG’s Provider Lens Quadrant Report ‘Internet of Things - Services and Solutions’ assesses the specific provider services for the IoT environment, including edge computing consulting and implementation, data collection and analysis, consistent security concepts including endpoints, networks, integration of latest technologies such as AI and machine learning.
ISG’s report highlighted Bosch’s Connected Products and IoT Solutions as one-stop-shop for engineering and IoT-led digital transformation, leveraging the company's manufacturing and technology capabilities. Bosch offers customizable, end-to-end security solutions for IoT that include embedded/on-chip device security and secure firmware updates over the air.
“At Bosch SDS, we are proactively helping enterprises in challenging the status quo by taking advantage of paradigm shifts in technology innovation, such as IOT, Edge, Cloud, AI/ML, for business model innovation. Increasingly we find ourselves in engagements with large enterprises on their product digitalization journey – essentially making products smart, connected and intelligent – and helping them to monetize the value created by combining insights, service and experience to improve market share and customer loyalty,” said Digant Shah, Group President - Bosch Software and Digital Solutions.
Ron Exler, Director and Principal Analyst, ISG Research said, "Bosch is positioned well for the resurgence of interest from enterprises around the world in the Internet of Things (IoT) and its manufacturing counterpart, the Industrial IoT (IIoT). In the U.S., the company leverages its manufacturing expertise in the expansion of its IoT engineering and digital transformation service offerings. ISG also recognizes Bosch’s leadership in IoT consulting and services requiring mobility and monitoring as well as security and AI."
SDS was created earlier this year by BGSW as an independent unit to manage business of non-Bosch customers. Bosch SDS focuses on delivering software and digital services in areas of digital enterprise, engineering R&D, and new age tech.

Dublin, Sept. 15, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The "Internet of Things (IoT): Global Strategic Business Report" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.
The Internet of Things (IoT) is set to revolutionize industries across the globe, with its market estimated at $1.3 trillion in 2022. According to a comprehensive report, the IoT market is projected to surge to a remarkable $3.3 trillion by 2030, boasting a robust Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 12.4% over the period spanning 2022 to 2030.
Data Management Segment to Spearhead Growth
One of the key segments analyzed in this report is Data Management, which is expected to record an impressive CAGR of 13.1%. By the end of the analysis period, it is anticipated to reach a substantial value of $1.1 trillion, fueled by the increasing demand for efficient data handling and processing.
Revised Growth Trajectory in Post-Pandemic Landscape
Taking into consideration the ongoing post-pandemic recovery, the growth trajectory of the Remote Monitoring segment has been readjusted to a revised CAGR of 14.2% for the next eight years. This reflects the IoT's adaptability and resilience in addressing evolving global challenges.
Key Regional Highlights
United States: The IoT market in the United States is estimated at $373.7 billion in 2022, showcasing the nation's significant presence in this transformative technology.
China: As the world's second-largest economy, China is forecast to reach a projected market size of $557.4 billion by 2030, with a CAGR of 11.7% over the analysis period 2022 to 2030. This highlights China's strong growth potential in the IoT sector.
Global Competitiveness: A diverse range of 368 featured competitors is actively shaping the IoT landscape, including industry giants such as Amazon Web Services, Inc., AT&T, Inc., IBM Corp., Microsoft Corp., and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. These companies are at the forefront of IoT innovation and adoption.
Market Trends & Drivers
The report identifies several key market trends and drivers shaping the IoT landscape, including:
Gradual realization of IoT benefits driving venture capital interest.
Falling sensor costs leading to IoT proliferation.
Big data analytics playing a crucial role in commercial IoT success.
The omnipresence of smartphones and declining connected device prices driving IoT adoption.
Investments in 4G/LTE and 5G strengthening cellular IoT.
The rise of wireless short-range networking technologies benefiting low-resource IoT devices.
Blockchain revolutionizing IoT security and accelerating mainstream adoption.
Security challenges being addressed through blockchain solutions.
Comprehensive Industry Analysis
This extensive market analysis provides insights into various industries across different geographic regions, including healthcare, retail, IoT, data management, remote monitoring, security, network bandwidth management, real-time streaming analytics, manufacturing, transportation, energy, IT & Telecom, BFSI, and agriculture. It presents sales figures from 2022 through 2030, along with historical data from 2014 to 2021, highlighting percentage CAGR and offering a 16-year perspective on sales breakdown.
Additionally, the report delves into the market presence of IoT in specific regions, including the United States, Canada, Japan, China, Europe, France, Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Asia-Pacific, and the Rest of the World, identifying key competitors for 2023.
A Bright Future for IoT
In conclusion, the IoT market is poised for significant growth, transforming industries, and economies worldwide. With a projected value of $3.3 trillion by 2030, this technology continues to be a force to reckon with. The comprehensive analysis presented in this report offers a detailed view of market dynamics, competition, and growth prospects across different global regions, underlining the transformative potential of IoT.
A selection of companies mentioned in this report includes
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
ARM Ltd.
AT&T, Inc.
Atmel Corporation
Ayla Networks
Bitdefender
Bosch Software Innovations GmbH
B-Scada
CLX Communications
DigiCert
ErgoTech Systems
Freescale Semiconductor, Inc.
Fujitsu Limited
Gemalto N.V.
General Electric Company
Google, Inc.
Greenwave Systems
Honeywell International, Inc.
IBM Corp.
Infineon Technologies AG
Ingenu Inc.
Intel Corporation
InvenSense Inc.
Karamba Security
Microsoft Corp.
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Salesforce.com, Inc.
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
SAP SE
Silver Spring Networks
STMicroelectronics N.V.
Symantec Corporation
Telefonica S.A.
Telit Communications PLC
Texas Instruments
Trustwave Holdings, Inc.
Verizon Communications, Inc.
Verizon Enterprise Solutions
Vodafone Group Plc
Zebra Technologies Corporation
For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/jqm79t
About ResearchAndMarkets.com
ResearchAndMarkets.com is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets, key industries, the top companies, new products and the latest trends.
Global Market for Internet of Things (IoT)
Global Market for Internet of Things (IoT) Global Market for Internet of Things (IoT)

Google and Qualcomm partner to bring the RISC-V microprocessor architecture to wearables
Qualcomm
Today, Google and Qualcomm announced an extension of their partnership to bring RISC-V-based systems-on-chips (SoCs) to market with support for Wear OS, a version of Android for smartwatches and wearables. This announcement marks a hardware first for Qualcomm to bring an SoC based primarily on the RISC-V microprocessor architecture to market and the third major software announcement for the RISC-V architecture in just under a year. The previous announcements included Google’s announcement for Android support for RISC-V in November 2022 and the formation of the RISC-V Software Ecosystem (RISE) in May. Both Google and Qualcomm are founding members of RISE.
For its part, Google has committed to the Android and Wear OS ports and software development tools. While Qualcomm’s current SoCs are primarily based on the Arm microprocessor architecture, Qualcomm uses RISC-V based microcontroller cores within its popular Snapdragon SoCs that are used in automotive, smartphones, PCs, and a host of other IoT applications. Qualcomm is currently the market leader in Wear OS smartwatch SoCs with the Snapdragon Wear platform. The shift from Arm to RISC-V microprocessor cores marks a significant change for Qualcomm and a huge design win for the RISC-V architecture. Qualcomm has a significant investment in the open-source RISC-V architecture and recently announced a partnership with NXP, Nordic Semiconductor, Bosch, and Infineon to form a new and yet to be named company “aimed at advancing the adoption of RISC-V.” The new company will be focused on developing solutions for use in automotive, IoT, and mobile; three critical markets for Google and Qualcomm.
The announcement provided no details on the dates that the hardware or software solutions will be available, but this latest announcement marks another major step in the development of the RISC-V ecosystem. Developing an ecosystem around a new microprocessor architecture can take a decade or longer, particularly due to the need for the operating system (OS) support, the software development tools, and the development or porting of applications. However, behind technology heavyweights like Google, Intel, MediaTek, Nvidia, NXP, Qualcomm, Samsung and many others, the RISC-V architecture looks set to be a major alternative to other architectures, especially Arm, in the next few years. This may be ideal timing for Qualcomm as its lawsuit with Arm over the use of technology acquired through the Nuvia acquisition is scheduled to reach the court room in late 2024.
While the availability of the new Qualcomm SoCs or Google Wear OS support was not announced, Tirias Research estimates that devices using the new platform could be in the market by as early as 2025. And if Qualcomm and Google are jointly working to bring RISC-V solutions to market, other Qualcomm platforms and platforms from other semiconductor vendors are likely to shortly follow.
Follow me on Twitter or LinkedIn. Check out my website.
The author and members of the Tirias Research staff do not hold equity positions in any of the companies mentioned. Tirias Research tracks and consults for companies throughout the electronics ecosystem from semiconductors to systems and sensors to the cloud. Tirias Research has consulted for Intel, MediaTek, Nvidia, NXP, Qualcomm, Samsung and companies throughout the semiconductor and mobile ecosystems.

After Starting His Career with Bosch 27 Years Ago, Hesse Will Lead the Power Tools Division with Innovation and User Experience Top of Mind
, /PRNewswire/ -- The Robert Bosch Tool Corporation named Robert Hesse as President and CEO of North America, effective November 1. In this position, Hesse will be responsible for the Robert Bosch Tool Corporation portfolio of businesses in North America which includes Bosch Power Tools and Accessories, Measuring Tools, Dremel Rotary Tools, and RotoZip Brands. Hesse will serve in this role after more than 25 years with Bosch, where he has held positions leading Bosch Communications Systems and, most recently, as the Senior Vice President of Sales at Bosch Accessories Group, a division of the Robert Bosch Tool Corporation.
Robert Hesse, Bosch Tools' New President and CEO of North America.
"In my first days with Bosch as a member of the International Trainee Program, I was thrilled to be a part of such a dynamic company. Today, I'm honored to support Bosch in a new capacity, working to boost our efforts in the North American market and creating tools to meet the needs of workers as they tackle difficult work on the jobsite," said Hesse. "By engaging the passion of my team and leveraging the strong reputation Bosch has within the power tools category, we will continue to focus our efforts on product innovation, by letting the needs and insights from workers lead the way."
Hesse looks forward to leading the Bosch Power Tools team as the company continues to push the broader tools industry towards a more innovative future. Strategically, Hesse plans to drive Bosch's growth by bringing products to market that are easy-to-use and engineered to tackle tough applications on the jobsite. Additionally, Hesse plans to share his perspectives on the industry on his personal LinkedIn channel, @RobertHesse, to further engage in timely conversations within the power tool sector.
A graduate of FH Münster with a degree in International Marketing & Foreign Trade, Hesse has spent his professional life across the globe. After joining Bosch in Hildesheim, Germany, Hesse worked alongside the Bosch UK team in London and most recently, held a position with Bosch Accessories Group in Solothurn, Switzerland.
The power tools division of Bosch continues to bring innovation to the market, impacting the tool industry and workers on the job. The brand's newest launches in 2022 expanded their 18V platform, which included additions to the PROFACTOR high-powered cordless lineup. Additionally, the brand launched its first-ever fully integrated marketing campaign, 'What Hard Workers Deserve.' Dremel has also led with innovation recently launching the 8260, the company's first smart rotary tool, and kickstarting a new brand campaign targeting younger generations of DIYers, eager to learn new hands-on skills. Robert's leadership will further extend these initiatives into 2023 and beyond.
For more information, visit boschtools.com and dremel.com.
About Robert Bosch Tool Corporation
Robert Bosch Tool Corporation, the Bosch Power Tools Division of North America, was formed in January 2003 when Robert Bosch GmbH combined its North American power tool and accessories businesses into one organization. As a manufacturing pioneer with more than a century's worth of experience, the Bosch name has become synonymous with engineering excellence. Throughout North America, Bosch associates maintain a legacy of world-class design, manufacture, and sale of power tools, rotary and oscillating tools, measuring tools and accessories. For more information visit www.boschtools.com.
Bosch in North America
In the U.S., Canada and Mexico, the Bosch Group manufactures and markets automotive original equipment and aftermarket products, industrial drives and control technology, power tools, security and communication systems, packaging technology, thermotechnology, household appliances, healthcare telemedicine and software solutions. For more information, please visit www.boschusa.com, www.bosch.com.mx and www.bosch.ca.www.boschusa.com.
About Bosch
Having established a regional presence in 1906 in North America, the Bosch Group employs 35,400 associates in more than 100 locations, as of December 31, 2018. In 2018 Bosch generated consolidated sales of $14.5 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For more information, visit twitter.com/boschusa, twitter.com/boschmexico and www.bosch.ca.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 410,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2018). The company generated sales of 78.5 billion euros ($92.7 billion) in 2018. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT company, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, smart cities, connected mobility, and connected manufacturing. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group's strategic objective is to create solutions for a connected life. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is "Invented for life." The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 460 subsidiary and regional companies in over 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch's global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. The basis for the company's future growth is its innovative strength. At nearly 130 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 68,700 associates in research and development.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
Exchange rate: 1 EUR = $1.1811
SOURCE BOSCH TOOLS

The enterprise IoT market is anticipated to rise at a CAGR of 13% from 2023 to 2033, surpassing US$ 2 trillion by 2033.
The market is anticipated to be worth US$ 595.42 billion in 2023.
The enterprise IoT market is driven by several factors such as the increasing adoption of IoT in various industries to improve operational efficiency and reduce costs. The increasing adoption of cloud-based IoT platforms is also expected to drive market growth.
In addition, the growing trend of Industry 4.0 and the increasing need for automation in various industries are also propelling the growth of the market. The increasing adoption of enterprise IoT in smart cities and smart homes, as well as IoT-enabled automation in various industries such as manufacturing and transportation, is also expected to drive market growth..
Another key driver of the enterprise IoT market is the increasing focus on digital transformation across various industries. With the rise of big data and analytics, organizations are looking to leverage IoT technology to gain valuable insights and make data-driven decisions. This is leading to increasing demand for enterprise IoT solutions in various industries such as healthcare, transportation, and manufacturing. Additionally, the growing trend of Industry 4.0 and the increasing need for automation in various industries are also propelling the growth of the market.
The increasing adoption of enterprise IoT in emerging technologies such as AI, ML, and big data is also expected to drive market growth during the forecast period. These technologies enable organizations to analyze large amounts of data generated by IoT devices and make data-driven decisions..
The growing demand for enterprise IoT in various industries such as agriculture and energy management is also expected to drive market growth. Government initiatives and regulations to promote the use of energy-efficient equipment are also anticipated to boost the adoption of IoT during the forecast period. These factors are making enterprise IoT an attractive investment opportunity for companies looking to tap into the growing market.
Key Takeaways:
The hardware sector accounted for more than 45% of total revenue in 2022 and is expected to dominate the market over the projected period.
During the projected period, the software and solutions category is predicted to grow at the quickest rate, with a CAGR of 15%.
The small and medium-sized firm category held the biggest share of 68% in 2022 and is expected to lead the market from 2023 to 2033.
Manufacturing held the greatest market share of 26% in 2022.
The enterprise IoT industry in the United States is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 15% between 2023 and 2033.
The enterprise IoT industry in the United Kingdom is predicted to grow at a CAGR of 12% between 2023 and 2033.
The enterprise IoT industry in Japan is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 14.5% between 2023 and 2033.
The enterprise IoT industry in China is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 16% between 2023 and 2033.
Competitive Landscape
The enterprise IoT market is highly competitive, with a few major players holding a significant market share. Leading companies in the market are increasingly implementing growth strategies such as collaborations, partnerships, and product development & launches to maintain their market position. The market has a high entry barrier, making it difficult for small and medium players to enter. Technological advancements play a major role in driving the market, creating a differentiating factor between new entrants and established players.
In October 2021, Cisco Systems, Inc. introduced its first global work index, which utilizes AI and mobile technology and operates on a hybrid model.
Siemens AG and PTC Inc. have developed IoT solutions for use in industrial contexts such as manufacturing and transportation.
Cisco Systems, Inc. and Bosch have created security solutions for protecting IoT devices and networks from cyber-attacks.
These insights are based on a report on Enterprise IoT Market by Future Market Insights

Bringing corded performance to a cordless tool, this hammer packs a performance punch when drilling and chiseling on the jobsite
, /PRNewswire/ -- This week at the 2023 World of Concrete tradeshow, Bosch Power Tools introduced workers to the latest addition to its concrete rotary hammer lineup. The PROFACTOR 18V SDS-max® 1-5/8-inch Rotary Hammer (GBH18V-40C) is an instant fan favorite. Engineered to break concrete, the new rotary hammer offers superior performance for tough concrete work. Powered by the CORE18V 8 Ah or 12 Ah batteries, this hammer outperforms its corded counterpart, the Bosch 11264EVS. The new GBH18V-40C improves on its predecessor with a portable cordless design that brings hard-hitting power to the jobsite. With features like KickBack Control and an Anti-Vibration System, the hammer also offers workers confidence and improved comfort when working in concrete.
Bosch Power Tools’ new PROFACTOR™ 18V Hitman Connected-Ready SDS-Max® 1-5/8-inch Rotary Hammer (GBH18V-40C) brings corded power in a cordless design to make worker’s jobs easier.
Bosch Power Tools’ new PROFACTOR™ 18V Hitman Connected-Ready SDS-Max® 1-5/8-inch Rotary Hammer (GBH18V-40C) brings corded power in a cordless design to make worker’s jobs easier.
Trade workers at the show have already responded enthusiastically to the new rotary hammer, testing its capabilities on real-world demo applications in the Bosch booth. Tradeshow attendee, Construction Program Manager, Marcus Hobbs, noted "I own many Bosch corded hammers. Seeing it in cordless is awesome. It's always been hard for me to trust a cordless hammer that can handle my day-to-day. I can tell this is the real deal."
"There's no better place to debut this new rotary hammer into our lineup than at World of Concrete. With 6.7ft.-lbs of impact energy, this tool makes the hard work of chiseling and drilling easier, all in a cordless 18V solution." said Mike Tsiolis, Lead Product Manager for Bosch Power Tools. "By connecting to the free Bosch Toolbox App, the rotary hammer can provide real-time feedback on the tool's battery charge and temperature, while allowing each user to customize the rotary hammer's features using the app. The tool's heavy duty cordless power and digital enhancements make the PROFACTOR™18V 1-5/8-inch Rotary Hammer the new "go-to" hammer for concrete applications."
Tool Features and Benefits
Corded Power, Cordless Design: Delivers corded hammer performance with 6.7 Ft.-Lbs. of impact energy (EPTA) powered by a single 18V CORE18V 8 Ah or 12Ah battery making concrete work easier.
KickBack Control: Reduces the risk of sudden tool reactions in binding conditions.
Soft Start and Controlled RPM: Adjusts the tool rpm and bpm for more controlled drilling and chiseling applications when working with softer materials like brick and tile.
Anti-Vibration System: Helps to reduce tool vibration due to the longer air cushion built into the hammer tube and dampeners added in the handle.
Lock-On/Lock-Off Button: Keeps the tool running when locked on (hammer mode only) and helps prevent accidental activation of the tool trigger when locked off.
Specifications
The PROFACTOR™ 18V Connected-Ready SDS-max® 1-5/8-inch Rotary Hammer's (GBH18V-40C) specifications include:
Voltage Rating:18V
Hammer Size: 1-5/8-inch SDS-max®
Impact Energy: 6.7 ft.-lbs. (EPTA)
RPM/BPM: 0-500/0-2,900
Length: 18.1-inch
Weight (Bare Tool /w/ Battery): 15.4 lbs./18.4 lbs.
Battery Recommendation: GBA18V80 or GBA18V120
The bare GBH18V-40C tool and a kitted set are available to workers for purchase. The GBH18V-40CK27 kit includes the rotary hammer, two GBA18V120 CORE18V 12 Ah PROFACTOR™ Exclusive Batteries, a GAL18V-160C 18V 16 Amp Turbo Charger, an auxiliary handle, and a carrying case.
For more information on the new Bosch Power Tools booth and products showcased at World of Concrete, visit our new Press Room at pressroom.boschtools.com or connect with Bosch Power Tools on Facebook and Instagram.
About Robert Bosch Tool Corporation
Robert Bosch Tool Corporation, the Power Tools Division of North America, was formed in January 2003 when Robert Bosch GmbH combined its North American diverse power tool and accessories businesses into one organization. As a manufacturing pioneer with more than a century's worth of experience, the Bosch name has become synonymous with engineering excellence. Located throughout North America as part of the global power tools division, Bosch associates maintain a legacy of world-class design, manufacture and sale for power tools, rotary and oscillating tools, accessories and measuring tools. For more information, call toll-free 877-BOSCH-99 (877-267-2499) or visit www.boschtools.com.
About Bosch
Having established a regional presence in 1906 in North America, the Bosch Group employs 34,700 associates in more than 100 locations, as of December 31, 2020. According to preliminary figures, Bosch generated consolidated sales of $13.1 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For more information, visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 394,500 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2020). According to preliminary figures, the company generated sales of $87.1 billion in 2020. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group's strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is "Invented for life." The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch's global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. The basis for the company's future growth is its innovative strength. At 126 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 73,000 associates in research and development, as well as roughly 30,000 software engineers.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
Exchange rate: 1 EUR = 1.2171
SOURCE Bosch Power Tools

NEW YORK, United States, Oct. 03, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Zion Market Research has published a new research report titled “Internet Of Things (IoT) In Energy Market By Applications (Coal Mining, Oil & Gas, And Smart Grid), By Technology (Radio Network, Satellite Network, Cellular Network, And Others), By Component (Services, Platforms, And Solution), And By Region - Global And Regional Industry Overview, Market Intelligence, Comprehensive Analysis, Historical Data, And Forecasts 2023 – 2030” in its research database.
“According to the latest research study, the demand of global Internet Of Things (IoT) In Energy Market size & share in terms of revenue was valued at USD 22.02 billion in 2022 and it is expected to surpass around USD 52.17 billion mark by 2030, growing at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of approximately 11.39% during the forecast period 2023 to 2030.”
Internet Of Things (IoT) In Energy Market Overview:
Internet of Things (IoT) is described as a network of physical objects, referred to as ‘things’, equipped with software, sensors, and other technologies that enable the connected systems to create a connection and exchange information with each other with the help of the internet. IoT is modern technology and has found applications in several industries including one of the fastest-growing sectors that is the energy industry. Internet of Things in energy refers to the application of IoT technology in industries that deal with power generation and subsequent distribution.
Energy creation and consumption methods have changed over the years influenced by several environmental and commercial factors creating a better scope for integration with modern tools, software, and other technologies. IoT in energy industry has allowed energy producers to meet the changing demands of the end-consumers including residential, commercial, and industrial applications. In addition to this, the ongoing research and development of affordable IOT systems has helped the market flourish further. During the forecast period, companies operating in the IoT in energy industry can expect excellent growth opportunities but may have to deal with certain growth restraints.
Get a Free Sample PDF of this Research Report for more Insights with a Table of Content, Research Methodology, and Graphs - https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/internet-of-things-iot-in-energy-market
(A free sample of this report is available upon request; please contact us for more information.)
Our Free Sample Report Consists of the Following:
Introduction, Overview, and in-depth industry analysis are all included in the 2023 updated report.
About 211+ Pages Research Report (Including Recent Research)
Provide detailed chapter-by-chapter guidance on Request
Updated Regional Analysis with Graphical Representation of Size, Share, and Trends for the Year 2023
Includes Tables and figures have been updated
The most recent version of the report includes the Top Market Players, their Business Strategies, Sales Volume, and Revenue Analysis
Zion Market Research methodology
Global Internet Of Things (IoT) In Energy Market: Growth Factors
As the number of connected devices grows, so does the risk of being a cybercrime victim. It is one of the main drawbacks associated with technology integration especially when crucial data and information is exchanged between devices connected through the internet. The IoT in energy industry players must ensure that their systems are not vulnerable to cyber-attacks or data breaches since hackers are evolving rapidly with the changing technological environment. The issue becomes more concerning in situations where nuclear sources are being used to produce energy.
Directly Purchase a copy of the report with TOC @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/buynow/su/internet-of-things-iot-in-energy-market
Report Scope
Report Attribute	Details
Market Size in 2022	USD 22.02 billion
Projected Market Size in 2030	USD 52.17 billion
CAGR Growth Rate	11.39% CAGR
Base Year	2022
Forecast Years	2023-2030
Key Market Players	Schneider Electric, Siemens AG, IBM, General Electric (GE), Emerson Electric Co., Cisco, Bosch, Honeywell, Rockwell Automation, ABB, and others.
Key Segment	By Applications, By Technology, By Component, and By Region
Major Regions Covered	North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East &, Africa
Purchase Options	Request customized purchase options to meet your research needs. Explore purchase options

Internet Of Things (IoT) In Energy Market: Segmentation Analysis
Based on application, the global market is divided into coal mining, oil & gas, and smart grid. In 2022, the highest growth was observed in the oil & gas segment owing to the increased application of IoT systems during the oil extraction and refining process. The Russia-Ukraine war compelled countries to make changes in the oil and gas supply international collaborations indirectly impacting oil drilling procedures for maximum output. During the forecast period, the growing emphasis on monitoring and managing the environmental impact of oil production could create a higher demand for IoT integration. The US spent nearly 39% more in the oil sector as compared in 2022 compared to 2021.
Based on technology, the Internet of Things in energy industry divisions are radio network, satellite network, cellular network, and others.
Based on component, the global market is segmented into services, platforms, and solutions. The most dominant segment was services in 2022 propelled by the increased need for excellent services in terms of technology installation, training, and assistance during technical issues. The platforms segment was a significant contributor led by an increase in strategic collaborations between market players. IoT applications with basic features typically cost USD 30000. The prices go higher as performance requirements grow.
The global Internet Of Things (IoT) In Energy market is segmented as follows:
By Applications
Coal Mining
Oil & Gas
Smart Grid
By Technology
Radio Network
Satellite Network
Cellular Network
Others
By Component
Services
Platforms
Solution
Browse the full “Internet Of Things (IoT) In Energy Market By Applications (Coal Mining, Oil & Gas, And Smart Grid), By Technology (Radio Network, Satellite Network, Cellular Network, And Others), By Component (Services, Platforms, And Solution), And By Region - Global And Regional Industry Overview, Market Intelligence, Comprehensive Analysis, Historical Data, And Forecasts 2023 – 2030” Report at https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/internet-of-things-iot-in-energy-market
Competitive Landscape
Some of the main competitors dominating the global Internet Of Things (IoT) In Energy market include -
Schneider Electric
Siemens AG
IBM
General Electric (GE)
Emerson Electric Co.
Cisco
Bosch
Honeywell
Rockwell Automation
ABB
Key Insights from Primary Research:
As per the analysis shared by our research analyst, the global Internet of Things (IoT) in energy market is estimated to grow annually at a CAGR of around 11.39% over the forecast period (2023-2030)
In terms of revenue, the global Internet of Things (IoT) in energy market size was valued at around USD 22.02 billion in 2022 and is projected to reach USD 52.17 billion, by 2030.
The Internet of Things in energy market is projected to grow at a significant rate due to the rising investments in smart grid
Based on applications segmentation, oil & gas was predicted to show maximum market share in the year 2022
Based on component segmentation, services were the leading segment in 2022
On the basis of region, North America was the leading revenue generator in 2022
Have Any Query? Ask Our Experts: https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/inquiry/internet-of-things-iot-in-energy-market
Key questions answered in this report:
What is the market size and growth rate forecast for Internet Of Things (IoT) In Energy industry?
What are the main driving factors propelling the Internet Of Things (IoT) In Energy Market forward?
What are the leading companies in the Internet Of Things (IoT) In Energy Industry?
What segments does the Internet Of Things (IoT) In Energy Market cover?
How can I receive a free copy of the Internet Of Things (IoT) In Energy Market sample report and company profiles?
Key Offerings:
Market Size & Forecast by Revenue | 2023−2030
Market Dynamics – Leading Trends, Growth Drivers, Restraints, and Investment Opportunities
Market Segmentation – A detailed analysis By Applications, By Technology, By Component, and By Region
Competitive Landscape – Top Key Vendors and Other Prominent Vendors
Request for Customization on this Report as per your requirements - https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/custom/7657
(We tailor your report to meet your specific research requirements. Inquire with our sales team about customising your report.)
Regional Analysis:
The global Internet of Things (IoT) in the energy market will be led by North America in the coming years. The major regional growth driver is the ongoing research and innovation in developing affordable IoT solutions that can meet the changing energy demands in North America. The US and Canada have a dominant hold over the regional and global oil & gas industry. These regions have increased spending in the oil sector to meet consumer demands leading to the integration of advanced technologies such as IoT to not only optimize oil drilling, refining, and supply processes but also to track environmental impact and take corrective measures when necessary.
Furthermore, the growing investments in 5G technology are projected to create higher demand for IoT in the regional energy sector. 5G-enabled IoT sensors and software solutions are expected to provide more effective results.
By Region
North America
U.S.
Canada
Rest of North America
Europe
France
UK
Spain
Germany
Italy
Rest of Europe
Asia Pacific
China
Japan
India
South Korea
Rest of Asia Pacific
The Middle East & Africa
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
Rest of the Middle East & Africa
Latin America
Brazil
Argentina
Rest of Latin America
To know an additional revised 2023 list of market players, request a brochure of the report: https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/requestbrochure/internet-of-things-iot-in-energy-market
Browse Other Related Research Reports from Zion Market Research:
Statistics on Global Alkyd Resin Market Size & Share to Surpass USD 39 Billion by 2030, Exhibit a CAGR of 7.5% | Alkyd Resin Industry Trends, Value, Analysis & Forecast Report by Facts and Factors:: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/statistics-on-global-alkyd-resin-market-size--share-to-surpass-usd-39-billion-by-2030--exhibit-a-cagr-of-7-5--alkyd-resin-industry-trends-value-analysis--forecast-report-by-facts-and-factors-301733653.html
At 7.5% CAGR, Global Peptide Synthesis Market Size & Share to Surpass US$ 845.68 million By 2028 | Peptide Synthesis Industry Trends, Share, Growth, Value, Analysis & Forecast Report By Facts and Factors:: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/at-7-5-cagr-global-peptide-synthesis-market-size--share-to-surpass-us-845-68-million-by-2028--peptide-synthesis-industry-trends-share-growth-value-analysis--forecast-report-by-facts-and-factors-301735011.html
At 11.70% CAGR, Global Biological Seed Treatment Market Size & Share to Surpass US$ 1803.24 million By 2028 | Biological Seed Treatment Industry Trends, Share, Growth, Value, Analysis & Forecast Report By FnF:: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/at-11-70-cagr-global-biological-seed-treatment-market-size--share-to-surpass-us-1803-24-million-by-2028--biological-seed-treatment-industry-trends-share-growth-value-analysis--forecast-report-by-fnf-301735027.html
Global Demand of Rheumatoid Arthritis Drugs Market Size & Share to Grow at a CAGR of 1.75%, Expected to Hit USD 70.1 Billion Mark by 2030 | Rheumatoid Arthritis Drugs Industry Trends, Analysis & Forecast Report by FnF:: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/global-demand-of-rheumatoid-arthritis-drugs-market-size--share-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-1-75-expected-to-hit-usd-70-1-billion-mark-by-2030--rheumatoid-arthritis-drugs-industry-trends-analysis--forecast-report-by-fnf-301736288.html
Global Report on Seborrheic Dermatitis Market Size & Share Worth USD 5 billion, to Record a 11.1% CAGR by 2030 | Seborrheic Dermatitis Industry Trends, Segmentation, Analysis & Forecast by FnF:: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-report-on-seborrheic-dermatitis-market-size--share-worth-usd-5-billion-to-record-a-11-1-cagr-by-2030--seborrheic-dermatitis-industry-trends-segmentation-analysis--forecast-by-fnf-301736376.html
Insights on Global Digital Health Market Size & Share To Hit USD 780.05 Billion by 2030, Exhibit a CAGR of 16.1% | Digital Health Industry Trends, Value, Analysis & Forecast Report by Facts and Factors:: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/insights-on-global-digital-health-market-size--share-to-hit-usd-780-05-billion-by-2030--exhibit-a-cagr-of-16-1--digital-health-industry-trends-value-analysis--forecast-report-by-facts-and-factors-301737476.html
Global Report on Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment Market Size & Share Worth USD 210 Billion, to Record a 33.2% CAGR by 2028 | Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment Industry Trends, Segmentation, Analysis & Forecast by FnF:: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/global-report-on-electric-vehicle-supply-equipment-market-size--share-worth-usd-210-billion-to-record-a-33-2-cagr-by-2028--electric-vehicle-supply-equipment-industry-trends-segmentation-analysis--forecast-by-fnf-301737504.html
Insights on Global eSIM Market Size & Share To Hit USD 25.8 Billion by 2028, Exhibit a CAGR of 16.42% | eSIM Industry Trends, Value, Analysis & Forecast Report by Zion Market Research:: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/insights-on-global-esim-market-size--share-to-hit-usd-25-8-billion-by-2028--exhibit-a-cagr-of-16-42--esim-industry-trends-value-analysis--forecast-report-by-zion-market-research-301738353.html
Global Report on Yeast Market Size & Share Worth USD 7 Billion, to Record a 8.79% CAGR by 2030 | Yeast Industry Trends, Segmentation, Analysis & Forecast by Facts and Factors:: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-report-on-yeast-market-size--share-worth-usd-7-billion-to-record-a-8-79-cagr-by-2030--yeast-industry-trends-segmentation-analysis--forecast-by-facts-and-factors-301739328.html
$8 Billion Reverse Osmosis (RO) Membrane Markets 2030 - Global Size, Forecast Report by Facts and Factors:: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/8-billion-reverse-osmosis-ro-membrane-markets-2030---global-size-forecast-report-by-facts-and-factors-301739370.html
Global Electric Vehicle Market Size & Share Projected to Hit at USD 980 Billion and Rise at a CAGR of 24.5% By 2028: Industry Trends, Demand, Value, Analysis & Forecast Report | Facts and Factors:: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/global-electric-vehicle-market-size--share-projected-to-hit-at-usd-980-billion-and-rise-at-a-cagr-of-24-5-by-2028-industry-trends-demand-value-analysis--forecast-report--facts-and-factors-301740796.html
Insights on Global Cancer Vaccines Market Size & Share Projected to Hit at USD 19.27 Billion and Rise at a CAGR of 14.75% By 2030: Industry Trends, Demand, Value, Analysis & Forecast Report | Facts and Factors:: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/insights-on-global-cancer-vaccines-market-size--share-projected-to-hit-at-usd-19-27-billion-and-rise-at-a-cagr-of-14-75-by-2030-industry-trends-demand-value-analysis--forecast-report--facts-and-factors-301741016.html
At 7.8% CAGR, Global Surfboard Market Size & Share to Surpass USD 3.8 Billion by 2030: Industry Trends, Demand, Value, Analysis & Forecast Report by Facts & Factors:: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/at-7-8-cagr-global-surfboard-market-size--share-to-surpass-usd-3-8-billion-by-2030-industry-trends-demand-value-analysis--forecast-report-by-facts--factors-301742063.html
At 6.7% CAGR, Global Physiotherapy Equipment Market Size & Share to Surpass USD 34 Billion by 2030: Industry Trends, Demand, Value, Analysis & Forecast Report by Facts & Factors:: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/at-6-7-cagr-global-physiotherapy-equipment-market-size--share-to-surpass-usd-34-billion-by-2030-industry-trends-demand-value-analysis--forecast-report-by-facts--factors-301742078.html
At 19.4% CAGR, Global Industry 4.0 Market Size, Trends & Share to Surpass USD 334.18 Billion by 2028: Industry Demand, Value, Analysis & Forecast Report by Facts and Factors:: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/at-19-4-cagr-global-industry-4-0-market-size-trends--share-to-surpass-usd-334-18-billion-by-2028-industry-demand-value-analysis--forecast-report-by-facts-and-factors-301743150.html
Global Electric Vehicle Charger Market Size & Share Projected to Hit at USD 32.72 Billion by 2028 at 28.5% CAGR Growth: Rising demand for low-emission, high-performance, and fuel-efficient vehicles are propel the market's growth by FnF:: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/global-electric-vehicle-charger-market-size--share-projected-to-hit-at-usd-32-72-billion-by-2028-at-28-5-cagr-growth-rising-demand-for-low-emission-high-performance-and-fuel-efficient-vehicles-are-propel-the-markets-growth-b-301744104.html
At 12% CAGR, Global MEMS Microphone Market Size, Trends & Share to Surpass USD 3.78 Billion by 2030: Industry Demand, Value, Analysis & Forecast Report by Facts and Factors:: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/at-12-cagr-global-mems-microphone-market-size-trends--share-to-surpass-usd-3-78-billion-by-2030-industry-demand-value-analysis--forecast-report-by-facts-and-factors-301745131.html
At 5.30% CAGR, Global Organic Acids Market Size, Trends & Share to Surpass USD 14,971.57 Million by 2028: Industry Demand, Value, Analysis & Forecast Report by Facts and Factors:: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/at-5-30-cagr-global-organic-acids-market-size-trends--share-to-surpass-usd-14-971-57-million-by-2028-industry-demand-value-analysis--forecast-report-by-facts-and-factors-301745146.html
Global Antihypertensive Drugs Market Size & Share to Surpass $39.5 Billion by 2030: Growing cases of hypertension globally to propel market demand by Facts & Factors:: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/global-antihypertensive-drugs-market-size--share-to-surpass-39-5-billion-by-2030-growing-cases-of-hypertension-globally-to-propel-market-demand-by-facts--factors-301746401.html
Global Smart Electric Meter Market Size Expected to Rise at 8.12% CAGR Growth: Its impact on making information-based decisions in terms of energy utilization to propel market demand by Facts & Factors 2030:: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-smart-electric-meter-market-size-expected-to-rise-at-8-12-cagr-growth-its-impact-on-making-information-based-decisions-in-terms-of-energy-utilization-to-propel-market-demand-by-facts--factors-2030--301747828.html
About Zion Market Research:
Zion Market Research is a leading market research organization offering industry expertise and scrupulous consulting services to clients for their business development. The reports and services offered by Zion Market Research are used by prestigious academic institutions, start-ups, and companies globally to measure and understand the changing international and regional business backgrounds.
Our client’s/customer’s conviction on our solutions and services has pushed us in delivering always the best. Our advanced research solutions have helped them in appropriate decision-making and guidance for strategies to expand their business.
Follow Us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/zion-market-research/
Follow Us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/zion_research
Follow Us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/zionmarketresearch
Follow Us on Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/zionmarketresearch/
Follow Us on YouTube: https://youtu.be/Y0Yfi7N8zSs
Contact Us:
Zion Market Research
USA/Canada Toll Free: 1 (855) 465-4651
Newark: 1 (302) 444-0166
India: +91 7768 006 007, +91 7768 006 008
Skype no: +13479038971, +17187054574
Skype no. United Kingdom: +442032894158
Web: https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/
Blog: https://zmrblog.com/
Still, Looking for More Information? OR Want Data for Inclusion in Magazine, Case Study, or Media?
Email Directly Here with Detail Information: sales@zionmarketresearch.com

Bosch operates along the entire hydrogen value chain.
Bosch chairman Stefan Hartung: “Bosch knows its way around hydrogen, and Bosch is growing with hydrogen.”
Bosch to invest nearly 2.5 bn euros in H2 technology from 2021 to 2026.
Bosch employs more than 3,000 people in hydrogen technology.
Bosch automotive expertise in demand in the hydrogen economy.
Dubai, UAE – Bosch is entering the hydrogen age of mobility. At its Stuttgart-Feuerbach location, the supplier of technology and services has now begun volume production of its fuel-cell power module. The pilot customer is the U.S. company Nikola Motors and its fuel cell-electric truck, which is due to debut in the U.S. market in the third quarter of 2023. “Here in Stuttgart-Feuerbach, in the plant whose history goes back further than any other Bosch plant, the hydrogen future is about to happen,” said Dr. Stefan Hartung, the chairman of the board of management of Robert Bosch GmbH, at the Bosch Tech Day 2023. “Bosch knows its way around hydrogen, and Bosch is growing with hydrogen.” The company operates along the entire hydrogen value chain, developing technology for its production and application. By 2030, Bosch plans to generate sales of roughly 5 billion euros with hydrogen technology.
In its solutions for the hydrogen economy as well, Bosch is relying on a global manufacturing network and the prowess of its German locations. For example, the Bosch plant in Bamberg, Germany, will supply the Feuerbach factory with the fuel-cell stack. And important system components such as the electric air compressor and the recirculation blower come from the Bosch plant in Homburg, Germany. “Bosch is one of the very few companies that are capable of mass producing technology as complex as fuel-cell stacks. We don’t just have the required systems expertise, but also the capability of quickly scaling up new developments to mass production,” said Markus Heyn, member of the Bosch board of management and chairman of Bosch Mobility. Production of the fuel-cell power module is not only starting in Feuerbach, but also in Chongqing, China. The components it requires will come from the Wuxi plant. “Bosch is the first company to produce these systems in both China and Germany,” Hartung said. In addition, Bosch is also planning to manufacture stacks for mobile applications in its U.S. plant in Anderson, South Carolina. Worldwide, the company expects that, by 2030, one in five new trucks weighing six tons or more will feature a fuel-cell powertrain.
Bosch is helping to shape the hydrogen economy, and sees obligations on the part of policymakers
Only with hydrogen can there be a climate-neutral world. For Bosch, that is crystal-clear. The company therefore strongly advocates the establishment of a hydrogen economy, and is stepping up its investments in hydrogen. Between 2021 and 2026, Bosch will have invested a total of nearly 2.5 billion euros in the development and manufacturing of its H2 technologies. That is another billion euros more than was earmarked in the investment plan for 2021 to 2024. The business opportunities for Bosch are huge, as is the effect on jobs. Even now, there are more than 3,000 people at Bosch working on hydrogen technologies, more than half of them in Europe. Most of the vacancies can be filled from within the company, and especially with people who have so far worked in the Bosch powertrain business. However, the further prospects for the hydrogen business depend on the political environment. Hartung especially believes that Europe must do much more to create a counterweight to the rapid pace of developments in other regions of the world, such as the United States. More specifically, the Bosch chairman has four demands of German and European policymakers: “First, we have to step up the pace of hydrogen production in the EU. Second, global supply chains have to be set up, and third, hydrogen has to be used in all sectors of the economy.” As a fourth point, he stressed the importance of quickly setting up infrastructure for distributing hydrogen in Europe.
Bosch technology starts with electrolysis and ends with the hydrogen engine
At all events, Bosch is ready, and applying automotive experience to the hydrogen economy like no other company. This is why the company is also in demand in H2 production. At the start of 2023, Bosch started constructing prototypes for electrolysis using proton exchange membranes – in other words, the reverse of the energy conversion method used in mobile fuel cells. Starting in the fall, the company intends to make 1.25-megawatt prototypes available for pilot applications, and is on track to start volume production in 2025. Bosch is exploring several options for the use of hydrogen. Stationary solid-oxide fuel cells can be used for the distributed supply of power and heat. In a pilot project at the hospital in Erkelenz, near Cologne in Germany, Bosch wants to use this technology to achieve overall efficiency of 90 percent. The micropower plant there will initially run on natural gas, but can be converted to green hydrogen. Apart from the fuel-cell powertrain, Bosch is also working on the hydrogen engine, developing systems for both port and direct injection of hydrogen. This solution is particularly suitable for heavy vehicles on long hauls with especially heavy loads. “A hydrogen engine can do everything a diesel engine does, but on top of that, it is carbon neutral. It also allows a fast and cost-effective entry into hydrogen-based mobility,” Heyn said. One major advantage is that more than 90 percent of the development and manufacturing technologies needed for it already exist. The H2 engine is expected to be launched starting in 2024. Even now, Bosch has four orders for production projects from all the major economic regions, and expects six-figure unit volumes by 2030. In this field as well, Bosch is dynamically taking the hydrogen economy forward.
-Ends-
Contact person for press inquiries:
Dana El Majzoub, Bosch Middle East Corporate Communications and Brand Manager
Mobility is the largest Bosch Group business sector. It generated sales of 52.6 billion euros in 2022, and thus contributed almost 60 percent of total sales. This makes the Bosch Group one of the leading automotive suppliers. The Mobility business sector pursues a vision of mobility that is safe, sustainable, and exciting, and combines the group’s expertise in the domains of personalization, automation, electrification, and connectivity. For its customers, the outcome
is integrated mobility solutions. The business sector’s main areas of activity are injection technology and powertrain peripherals for internal-combustion engines, diverse solutions for powertrain electrification, vehicle safety systems, driver-assistance and automated functions, technology for user-friendly infotainment as well as vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure communication, repair-shop concepts, and technology and services for the automotive aftermarket. Bosch is synonymous with important automotive innovations, such as electronic engine management, the ESP anti-skid system, and common-rail diesel technology.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 421,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2022). The company generated sales of 88.2 billion euros in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 470 subsidiary and regional companies in over 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 136 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 85,500 associates in research and development, of which nearly 44,000 are software engineers.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPress

Setting up Community Engagement and Training Centre to work hand-in-hand with the community to address shared concerns
„ The hub creates a safe and empowered society by closely involving various social groups and sensitizing the public on relevant topics
„ Offers well-equipped infrastructure for the police force to address any potential challenges arising from outbreaks or any other emergencies
Bosch Global Software Technologies (BGSW), formerly known as Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions (RBEI), announces the setting up of the Community Engagement and Training Center at Koramangala Police Station. The project, envisioned as a community hub and designed in the backdrop of the COVID-19 pandemic, will aid the Bangalore City Police through community collaboration and prepare to mitigate future outbreaks and pandemics through a participatory approach.
Located at the Office of Deputy Commissioner of Police, South-East Division in Bangalore, this multifunctional hub is designed to facilitate training programs, meetings, and strategic planning, while fostering an environment for effective community engagement. With a capacity to accommodate up to 100 people, the hub represents a significant step towards enhancing the relationship between law enforcement and the community. This versatile space can serve as a training centre, meeting hall, and war room, enabling the Bangalore City Police and community members to work together seamlessly and effectively. The infrastructure is uniquely constructed using the Brutalist style of Architecture Design. It is eco-friendly, i.e., without any plastering or painting, thereby reducing the carbon footprints of the building. The windows and doors were built using basic aluminum extrusions, thereby avoiding timber use. Apart from being sustainable and eco-friendly, this design is very functional when it comes to thermal effects and acoustic advantages. This kind of construction can be built faster and easy to maintain, compared to ordinary plastered and painted buildings.
RK Shenoy, Senior VP – Mobility Engineering & Member of Executive Leadership Team, at Bosch Global Software Technologies (BGSW) says the project is not limited to the structure but how communities get involved closely and promote a safe empowered society. “The Stakeholder Visioning Exercise helped us ideate on how this Center could be a true potential for the community, wherein the Police Force becomes an agent of goodness and various social groups could come and sensitize the public on many relevant topics of the day. The infrastructure could aid the Police Force to join hands with the community and be prepared to mitigate future outbreaks and beyond pandemics through a participatory approach. This ideation led to the creation of a Community Engagement Centre at Koramangala Police Station,” said RK Shenoy.
Shri. C K Baba, IPS, Deputy Commissioner of Police, (South-East) Bengaluru City, said, “We are thrilled to see the establishment of the Community Engagement and Training Center at Koramangala Police Station. This multifunctional hub represents a significant step towards enhancing the relationship between law enforcement and the community. We applaud BGSW for their commitment to community collaboration and look forward to the positive impact this center will have on our city that aims to bring organisations, law enforcement and citizens closer.”
BGSW proudly handed over the setup to the officials on February 10, 2023 with hopes that it will be utilized to serve the community and the people from the neighbourhoods. On March 8, on occasion of International Women’s Day, the community hub hosted a session for Women in the Police Force, recognizing the work of the Rani Chennamma Pade who have been focussing on awareness campaigns for the safety of women citizens across the city.

, /PRNewswire/ -- Because of rising need for long-range, low-power connectivity, developing infrastructure, technology integration, standardisation efforts, and widespread acceptance, the LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT industry has a bright future. Growth will be further fuelled and various IoT applications across industries enabled by ongoing innovation and cost reduction.
The LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT Market is estimated at USD 5.6 billion in 2023 and is projected to reach USD 25.5 billion by 2028, at a CAGR of 35.3% from 2023 to 2028, according to a new report by MarketsandMarkets™. Governments collaborate with private organizations, research institutions, and industry associations to develop IoT ecosystems and drive innovation. These partnerships often involve joint projects, knowledge sharing, and the establishment of testbeds and pilot programs. Governments foster the development and adoption of LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT solutions by actively engaging with the private sector across different industries.
Browse in-depth TOC on "LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT Market"
250 - Tables
50 - Figures
290 - Pages
Download PDF Brochure @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownloadNew.asp?id=144298529
Scope of the Report
Report Metrics

Details

Market size available for years

2017-2028

Base year considered

2022

Forecast period

2023–2028

Forecast units

Value (USD) Million/Billion

Segments covered

Offering (Hardware, Platform, and Services), Application, End User, and Region

Region covered

North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa, and Latin America

Companies covered

Cisco (US), NEC Corporation (Japan), Tata Communications (India), Semtech (US), Orange SA (France), Advantech (Taiwan), Comcast (US), AWS (US), Bosch (Germany), Murata (Japan), Laird Connectivity (US), Kerlink (France), Senet (US), Actility (France), Sensoterra (Netherlands), DIGI International (US), Nwave Technologies (UK), RAKwireless (China), thethings.io (Spain), Datacake (Germany), MultiTech (US), Milesight (China), LORAIOT (Switzerland), Exosite (US), and OrbiWise (Switzerland).

By application, Industrial IoT applications are estimated to account for the largest market share in 2023.
LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT technologies have transformed industrial IoT (IIoT) applications by enabling long-range wireless communication in industrial settings. These technologies are crucial in enhancing operational efficiency, productivity, and safety. LoRa and LoRaWAN facilitate remote asset monitoring, where sensors equipped with LoRa technology collect data on various parameters, optimizing maintenance schedules and minimizing downtime. They also support predictive maintenance strategies by continuously monitoring equipment conditions and detecting potential failures in real time. Additionally, LoRaWAN enables wireless communication between industrial sensors and control systems, allowing for automation and remote control of equipment and processes. Overall, adopting LoRa and LoRaWAN in IIoT has revolutionized industrial operations, leading to improved efficiency, optimized maintenance, and increased safety in industrial sectors.
Managed services are expected to register the fastest growth rate during the forecast period.
Managed services are considered crucial, as they directly relate to customer experience. These services help sustain their positions in the market. LoRaWAN IoT managed services refer to the outsourced management of LoRaWAN IoT devices and networks by a third-party service provider. Managed services enable organizations to reduce the burden of managing their IoT networks in-house and can provide access to expertise and resources that may not be available internally. Additionally, managed services can offer scalability and flexibility, allowing organizations to easily adjust their IoT networks to meet changing demands of the end users.
Inquiry Before Buying @ https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_BuyingNew.asp?id=144298529
Asia Pacific is likely to emerge as the fastest-growing market during the forecast period
It is expected to witness the highest CAGR during the forecast period. China has witnessed immense industrial growth and is the world's manufacturing capital. Government initiatives to promote the digital infrastructure are also driving the adoption of LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT in the region. Asia Pacific is known for its vibrant technology ecosystem and innovation hubs. The region is home to numerous startups, technology providers, research institutions, and accelerators actively developing and implementing IoT solutions based on LoRa and LoRaWAN technology. Industry collaboration among network operators, technology providers, and solution developers drives interoperability and standardization efforts, facilitating seamless integration and scalability of LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT solutions in the region.
Top Key Companies in LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT Market:
The major vendors covered in the LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT Market include Cisco (US), NEC Corporation (Japan), Tata Communications (India), Semtech (US), Orange SA (France), Advantech (Taiwan), Comcast (US), AWS (US), Bosch (Germany), Murata (Japan), Laird Connectivity (US), Kerlink (France), Senet (US), Actility (France), Sensoterra (Netherlands), DIGI International (US), Nwave Technologies (UK), RAKwireless (China), thethings.io (Spain), Datacake (Germany), MultiTech (US), Milesight (China), LORAIOT (Switzerland), Exosite (US), and OrbiWise (Switzerland).
Recent Developments
In January 2023, Sierra Wireless and Orange entered a partnership to provide enhanced connectivity to its users and bolster Smart Connectivity services.
In January 2023, Comcast and Toto deployed its Machine Q platform to install IOT products in smart restroom across high-traffic public restroom.
In November 2022, Semtech entered a strategic agreement with Amazon Web Services (AWS) to license its LoRa Cloud global navigation satellite system (GNSS) geolocation services.
LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT Market Advantages:
Long-range wireless communication is made possible by LoRa, allowing devices to send data across distances of up to 10 kilometres in rural areas and several kilometres in urban areas. Applications that demand broad coverage, such smart cities, agriculture, and industrial monitoring, benefit most from this increased range.
LoRa devices are made to consume less power, extending the lifespan of IoT devices that run on batteries. Optimised modulation methods and effective radio spectrum utilisation are used to accomplish this low power usage. It enables the deployment of IoT systems in remote or inaccessible sites with constrained or impractical power supplies.
Large-scale IoT networks can be developed using LoRaWAN, a protocol that is based on LoRa. There is a central gateway that many end devices communicate with using a star-of-stars network design. With this architecture, adding additional devices to the network is simple and doesn't require major infrastructure changes.
In comparison to other IoT connectivity choices, the installation of LoRaWAN networks requires the least amount of infrastructure. Because LoRa gateways can cover broad areas, fewer gateways are needed, which lowers the cost. This makes it an affordable option, especially for extensive IoT deployments.
To guarantee the secrecy, integrity, and validity of transmitted data, LoRaWAN includes a number of security measures. Data transmission is protected by AES-128 encryption, and mutual authentication between end devices and the network is supported. IoT applications are shielded from unauthorised access and data breaches thanks to these security measures.
Report Objectives
To determine and forecast the global LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT Market by offering (hardware, platforms, and services), application, end user, and region from 2023 to 2028, and analyze the various macroeconomic and microeconomic factors that affect the market growth.
To forecast the size of the market segments with respect to five main regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa (MEA).
To provide detailed information about the major factors (drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges) influencing the growth of the LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT Market.
To analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trends, prospects, and contributions to the overall LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT Market.
To analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high-growth segments of the LoRa and LoRaWAN IoT Market.
To profile the key market players; provide a comparative analysis on the basis of business overviews, regional presence, product offerings, business strategies, and key financials; and illustrate the competitive landscape of the market.
In the market, track and analyze competitive developments, such as mergers and acquisitions, product developments, partnerships and collaborations, and Research and Development (R&D) activities.
Browse Adjacent Markets: Mobility and Telecom Market Research Reports & Consulting
Related Reports:
5G IoT Market - Global Forecast to 2028
5G NTN Market - Global Forecast to 2027
Telecom Cloud Market - Global Forecast to 2027
5G Services Market - Global Forecast to 2027
Wi-Fi Market - Global Forecast to 2027
About MarketsandMarkets™
MarketsandMarkets™ is a blue ocean alternative in growth consulting and program management, leveraging a man-machine offering to drive supernormal growth for progressive organizations in the B2B space. We have the widest lens on emerging technologies, making us proficient in co-creating supernormal growth for clients.
The B2B economy is witnessing the emergence of $25 trillion of new revenue streams that are substituting existing revenue streams in this decade alone. We work with clients on growth programs, helping them monetize this $25 trillion opportunity through our service lines - TAM Expansion, Go-to-Market (GTM) Strategy to Execution, Market Share Gain, Account Enablement, and Thought Leadership Marketing.
Built on the 'GIVE Growth' principle, we work with several Forbes Global 2000 B2B companies - helping them stay relevant in a disruptive ecosystem. Our insights and strategies are molded by our industry experts, cutting-edge AI-powered Market Intelligence Cloud, and years of research. The KnowledgeStore™ (our Market Intelligence Cloud) integrates our research, facilitates an analysis of interconnections through a set of applications, helping clients look at the entire ecosystem and understand the revenue shifts happening in their industry.
To find out more, visit www.MarketsandMarkets™.com or follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
Contact:
Mr. Aashish Mehra
MarketsandMarkets™ INC.
630 Dundee Road
Suite 430
Northbrook, IL 60062
USA: +1-888-600-6441
Email: [email protected]
Research Insight: https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/ResearchInsight/lora-lorawan-iot-market.asp
Visit Our Website: https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/
Content Source: https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/PressReleases/lora-lorawan-iot.asp
Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/660509/MarketsandMarkets_Logo.jpg
SOURCE MarketsandMarkets

It’s that time of year again: CES time, with CES 2023 now behind us and a week’s worth of insights and standard-setting technologies carving a yearlong path for the consumer electronics industry. The spread of CES 2023 technologies and products was as exciting as ever, and MarketScale had a firsthand look at the top products and companies getting the most buzz while on the show floor this year.
CES, at this point, speaks for itself in terms of reach, impact, and trendsetting. As the premiere global tech event, the Consumer Electronics Show brings together brands, technologists and innovators, big and small, under the same Vegas roof to discuss the future of various technology ecosystems and markets. This go-around, CES 2023 technologies were varied but unified in their shared goals of sustainability and smart technology, with a focus on “energy efficiency, responsibly recycling, and sustainable materials management,” as well as how smart systems can “optimize operations and efficiently manage resources as they move to strengthen the relationship between government and citizens.” This led to discussions surrounding the role of sustainable electronics production and the adoption of renewable energy sources for industrial production, as well as discussions on developing the legal and physical infrastructures needed to support continuously-advancing smart city deployments, among other important debates.
It’s no surprise then that the world of aerospace, transportation, and mobility was front and center in guiding discussion at CES 2023, as the industry is acting as a driving force in both critiques and solutions for sustainability initiatives and smart system development. MarketScale spent much of its time this year exploring this ecosystem of CES 2023 technologies to understand what is driving innovation in mobility, from evolutions and expansions of EV markets, EV production, and autonomous vehicles, to use cases for micro-mobility, last-mile mobility and logistics, new public transit methods, vertical takeoff and lift air taxis, and more.
How do the innovators in this space see their products fitting into the current evolutions in vehicle technology? Let’s hear from the companies themselves! These are just a handful of the standout mobility companies and products that captured MarketScale’s attention at CES 2023. We asked them how their suite of products reflects a major trend shaping the industry right now. Here’re their thoughts:
Personal Automotive Sector
Aceinna, a leading MEMS-based sensing solutions company, focused on the development of innovative Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) and current sensing technologies that are essential to next generation cars, robots and other autonomous applications. Michael DiGangi, Executive Vice President at Aceinna, gave us the latest in his company’s technologies fresh off the market, which include the INS401.
Point One Navigation is a company committed to solving the navigation problems of the future through their high precision localization. Aaron Nathan, CEO and Founder of Point One Navigation, shared with us more on their status as a team sponsor at the Vegas Indy racing challenge and what positioning technology is being used in the race.
Applied EV is a company that inspires leaders in the creation and commercialization of fully-autonomous vehicles seeking to improve global transport solutions through automotive innovation, leveraging software development and deep robotics capability. CEO and Co-Founder Julian Broadbent gave us an overview of what new technology Applied EV is showing this year at CES 2023, and what solutions the future of autonomous service brings us.
Sheeva.AI is a company that has developed an in-car payments and commerce solution that introduces vehicle location-based services to monetize the driver experience. Sheeva’s patented precise geolocation technology allows drivers to seamlessly pay for and receive services such as fueling, electric vehicle charging, parking, curbside pickup and drive-through without leaving the comfort of their vehicle. Sheeva’s Director of Strategic Partnerships, Trevor Curwin, told us more about the technology that Sheeva.AI leverages and how companies are already putting in-vehicles commerce solutions to work.
Arbe is the industry’s leading imaging radar chipset solution with a mission to equip vehicles with top of the line radar technology and develop innovative perception features without needing to upgrade their radars throughout the vehicle lifecycle. Kobi Marenko, CEO and Co-Founder of Arbe, dug deeper into the full-mapping radar technology solution that Arbe offers and what to expect from them at CES 2023.
Blink is a company paving the way for EV adoption through the global deployment and operation of EV charging infrastructure for businesses and drivers. Mike Battaglia, CRO of Blink, gave MarketScale an inside look into five new products for the EV charging market at CES 2023, including a sneak peek at Blink Vision which features dual AC Level 2 80 amp 19.2 kilowatt charging capability.
Compound Eye is a company that enables vehicles to understand their surroundings in 3D and in real time using only cameras, with applications from intelligent in-dash displays to fully autonomous operation. Jason Devitt, CEO and Co-Founder of Compound Eye, detailed the specs of the company’s 3D sensing and perception technology enabled by cameras alone, what sets it apart from other sensing technology, and which industries can best utilize this tech.
FreeWire Technologies is a company that merges beautiful design with innovative ultrafast charging technology to enable the rapid transition to electrification. Connor Botkin, Marketing Director for Energy and eMobility at FreeWire Technologies, shared more about the company’s newest tech including FreeWire’s latest charging models including their 200-kilowatt output unit.
Analog Devices is a tech company that is committed to creating unmatched technologies and solutions to solve consumer problems in instrumentation, automation, communications, healthcare, and automotive industries, among others. Kevin Schemansky, GM and Managing Director of the Automotive Business Unit at Analog, gave a recap of the unique suite of vehicle technologies that Analog is trying to differentiate itself with at this year’s CES.
Owl Autonomous Imaging, Inc. is an autonomous imaging solution company that focuses on thermal ranging, a novel 3D sensor modality that uses proprietary AI deep learning and foveal optics to extract dense range maps from radiated heat signatures without illumination. Chuck Gershman, CEO and Co-Founder at Owl Autonomous Imaging shared with MarketScale which autonomous imaging technology and testing results their company is featuring at CES 2023.
Bosch is a company that develops innovative solutions that facilitate new mobility offerings. Whether for private or commercial vehicles, multimodal transportation services, fleet management, or smart transport infrastructure, Bosch brings together vehicle technology, the data cloud, and services to offer complete mobility solutions. Rich Kohler, Director of Marketing at Bosch, gave MarketScale an overview of the latest tech that Bosch is featuring this year at CES 2023, including its SPACE Car.
Industrial & Logistics Sector
Centro is a revolutionary commercial EV technology company with advanced, market-validated commercial vehicles leading transformation in the auto industry through scalable, decentralized production and fully digitalized autonomous driving solutions. Marianne McInerney, CMO at Centro, gave us an in-depth look at game-changers in the EV space, including vehicles powered by hydrogen fuel cells and more.
Qorvo is a company driven by the possibility of discovery — of new RF and power technologies and advancements in design, manufacturing and communications that make the world a better, cleaner and more connected place. Gorden Cook, General Manager at Transport Business Unit, shares with MarketScale what his team brings to the industry, including their work on ultra-wideband, which is short-wave communication for vehicles.
Airgain, a wireless company that helps simplify wireless connectivity, showcased an array of exciting products and new services on the market for the sector at the recent CES. Focusing on three areas of the business, Brian Critchfield, VP of Global Marketing with Airgain, explained the difference between their multiple offerings. Airgain Embedded, for example, helps to build an IOT product and bring it to market, Airgain Integrated provides off-the-shelf products that integrate the technology all into one, and Airgain Antenna+ features all of the external antennae. Critchfield highlights all of this, plus a new specialized expertise and fixed wireless access offering.
James Eberhard, the CEO and Founder of Fluid Truck, talked about the exciting and inspiring atmosphere at CES as a first-time participant at the show. The event hosts a multitude of innovative companies located across the US, and as a transformative commercial mobility company, Fluid Truck is on the lookout for where they could go next.
Jorge Heraud, VP of Automation and Autonomy with John Deere welcomed MarketScale to the CES John Deere booth, explaining what’s new for the company. One of the biggest innovations actually comes on top of a machine that has been on the market for nearly twenty years: the sprayer. On this latest version, the machine is equipped with technology such as cameras, a stable boom, and processors, which means that instead of spraying everything in the field, the sprayer can identify the location of the weeds and solely target them, helping to cut down on herbicide usage.

Bosch Rexroth announced today that its President and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Gumbs will leave the company July 1, 2023. Gumbs, who joined the organization in late 2020 successfully led the increased growth of the North American region to record achievements, improved competitiveness in the region, and established a strong customer-focused and people culture.
Bosch Rexroth offers its customers hydraulics, electric drive and control technology, gear technology and linear motion and assembly technology, including software and interfaces to the Internet of Things. Its broad product portfolio includes mobile robots for materials transport, and multi-axis systems for precise materials positioning and handling in work cells.
“This decision was not taken lightly,” said Gumbs. “I have great respect for the leadership team, our associates and channel partners across North America. I am very confident in the strategy and in our talented team which will ensure continued success and positive outcomes for our customers and the business. It has truly been an honor and privilege for me to serve and lead this team”.
In the interim, Reinhard Schaefer, current Executive Board Member, will join the North American board to support the transition and identify the company’s next regional CEO.
"I would like to thank Gregory Gumbs for his leadership in the region,” remarked Dr. Steffen Haack, CEO of Bosch Rexroth AG. “The North American region is of critical importance, and the leadership team in the region has a strong foundation to continue the significant growth path we are on.”

Bosch survey: 81 percent of Indians believe technology is being used sufficiently to tackle the major problems of our time
„ Climate action and the economy: four out of five respondents regard sustainability as an economic success factor
„ Tech of the Future: Across the globe, respondents believe that AI and 5G will be the most relevant technologies in their respective countries
„ Growing hand-in-hand: 75 percent of the respondents worldwide believe that focusing on sustainable technologies will result positively in bringing economic success in the future
Energy crisis and climate change: the burning question is how humanity can meet its demand for sustainable and affordable energy. The Bosch Tech Compass survey indicates that 86 percent of the respondents in India believe that technology is the key to fighting climate change. This is evidenced by the Bosch Tech Compass 2023, a representative survey conducted in seven countries worldwide. The survey will be presented at CES in Las Vegas (January 5 to 8, 2023).
Sustainable technologies and economic success
Respondents largely agree on the economic potential of sustainable solutions and products: a full 82 percent believe that the more a company commits to sustainable technologies, the more economically successful it will be in the future. This view is most prevalent in India and Brazil (each 87 percent); by comparison, it is least prevalent in the United States (73 percent). When it comes to the business community’s commitment to climate action, the survey suggests that there is still room for improvement: more than half of those polled (58 percent) believe that only a minority of businesses are seriously committed to sustainability at present. “Today, it has become paramount for companies to focus on technologies that keep sustainability at the forefront. At Bosch, we aim to push the boundaries of innovation while ensuring the safety of the environment and community,” says Vadiraj Krishnamurthy, CTO, VP, Bosch Global Software Technologies (BGSW).
Combating climate change with different technologies
Many parts of the world are shifting to renewable energy, but people across the globe are still reluctant to completely abandon nuclear power and fossil fuels such as gas and oil for power generation. A total of 62 percent of respondents are in favor of promoting solar power, while 44 percent want to see efforts to promote wind-power technologies. However, these opinions differ by country. People in India (oil: 22 percent, gas: 23 percent) and the United States (oil: 21 percent, gas: 24 percent) are still committed to oil and gas technologies than other nations (global figures: oil: 14 percent, gas: 15 percent).
Trust in technology is growing
The Tech Compass shows that, in a world beset by uncertainties, trust in technology has grown since the previous year. Worldwide, 75 percent of the people polled now believe that technological progress can make the world a better place (2022: 72 percent*). What’s more, 83 percent of respondents believe that technology holds the key to combating climate change (2022: 76 percent*), with Indians (84 percent) having the most likely attitude towards advances in technology, following China (90 percent).
Mobility in the metaverse
Apart from sustainability, the Tech Compass also provides interesting insights into other issues – such as the metaverse. In this virtual world, where people interact as avatars in a three-dimensional space modeled on reality, mobility will also play a role: 43 percent of respondents can imagine buying a car for the metaverse. Interest and willingness to do so are especially high in China (75 percent) and India (69 percent). And although respondents in Brazil (47 percent), the U.S. (33 percent), the U.K. (30 percent), Germany (26 percent), and France (23 percent) are still somewhat more skeptical, the numbers show that the desire for a car exists not only in the real world, but in virtual reality as well.
About the survey:
For the survey, people aged 18 and over in seven countries (Brazil, China, Germany, France, India, the U.K., and the U.S.) were polled online on behalf of Robert Bosch GmbH by the market researchers Gesellschaft für Innovative Marktforschung mbH (GIM) in September 2022. In Germany, France, and the United Kingdom, 1,000 people were polled per country; in Brazil, China, India, and the U.S., it was 2,000 people each. The random samples are representative of their respective countries in terms of region, gender, and age (Brazil, Germany, France, U.K., U.S.: 18 to 69 years / China, India: 18 to 59 years).
About BGSW: Bosch Global Software Technologies Pvt Ltd is a 100% owned subsidiary of Robert Bosch GmbH, one of the world’s leading global suppliers of technology and services, offering end-to-end Engineering, IT and Business Solutions. With over 23,000 associates, it’s the largest software development center of Bosch, outside Germany, indicating that it’s the Technology Powerhouse of Bosch in India with a global footprint and presence in US, Europe and the Asia Pacific region. With our unique ability to offer end-to-end solutions that connect sensors, software, and services, we enable businesses to move from the traditional to digital or improve businesses by introducing a digital element in their products and processes.
About Bosch in India: In India, Bosch is a leading supplier of technology and services in the areas of Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. Additionally, Bosch has in India the largest development center outside Germany, for end to end engineering and technology solutions. The Bosch Group operates in India through twelve companies: Bosch Limited – the flagship company of the Bosch Group in India – Bosch Chassis Systems India Private Limited, Bosch Rexroth (India) Private Limited, Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions Private Limited, Bosch Automotive Electronics India Private Limited, Bosch Electrical Drives India Private Limited, BSH Home Appliances Private Limited, ETAS Automotive India Private Limited, Robert Bosch Automotive Steering Private Limited, Automobility Services and Solutions Private Limited, Newtech Filter India Private Limited and Mivin Engg.Technologies Private Limited. In India, Bosch set-up its manufacturing operation in 1951, which has grown over the years to include 18 manufacturing sites, and seven development and application centers. The Bosch Group in India employs over 30,000 associates and generated consolidated sales of about ₨.11,781 crores* (1.39 billion euros) in fiscal year 2021-22 of which ₨. 10,264.3 crores* (1.21 billion euros) are from consolidated sales to third parties.
Additional information can be accessed at www.bosch.in
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 402,600 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2021). The company generated sales of 78.7 billion euros in 2021. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0,
and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 76,100 associates in research and development, of which more than 38,000 are software engineers.
The company was set up in Stuttgart in 1886 by Robert Bosch (1861–1942) as “Workshop for Precision Mechanics and Electrical Engineering.” The special ownership structure of Robert Bosch GmbH guarantees the entrepreneurial freedom of the Bosch Group, making it possible for the company to plan over the long term and to undertake significant upfront investments in the safeguarding of its future. Ninety-four percent of the share capital of Robert Bosch GmbH is held by Robert Bosch Stiftung GmbH, a charitable foundation. The remaining shares are held by Robert Bosch GmbH and by a corporation owned by the Bosch family. The majority of voting rights are held by Robert Bosch Industrietreuhand KG, an industrial trust. The entrepreneurial ownership functions are carried out by the trust.

A 221-page IoT Gateway Market Report 2023–2027, including detailed definitions of IoT gateways, market projections, adoption drivers, competitive landscape, notable trends, and case studies.
N
Main author: Kalpesh Baviskar
(see all)
Product Details
From $3,000.00
→ Buy now · See pricing
About the report
The IoT Gateway Market Report 2023–2027 is part of IoT Analytics’ comprehensive coverage of IoT hardware and connectivity. The content presented in this report is based on a combination of primary research, including interviews with 25+ industry experts from IoT gateway vendors and end users conducted between November 2022 and April 2023, and secondary research. The report includes detailed definitions of IoT gateways, market projections, adoption drivers, competitive landscape, notable trends, and case studies.
The primary objective of this document is to provide our readers with a comprehensive understanding of the current IoT gateway market landscape, offering in-depth analysis, market sizing, and valuable insights to facilitate informed decision-making and strategic planning.
Table of Contents
IoT Gateways Market Report 2023–2027 (PDF)
Executive Summary
Introduction
2.1 Definition of gateways and IoT gateways
2.2 Definition of other non-IoT gateways
2.3 Key features of IoT gateways
2.4 Functions of IoT gateways
2.5 Different architectures of IoT gateways
2.6 IoT gateway value chain
Technology Overview
3.1 IoT gateway hardware
3.1.1 Processors
3.1.2 Memory modules & chipsets
3.1.3 Connectivity modules & chipsets
3.1.4. RF Transceivers
3.1.5 Antennas
3.1.6 AI Chipsets
3.1.7 I/O Peripherals
3.2 IoT gateway software
3.3 IoT gateway security
3.3.1 Hardware security
Market size & outlook
4.1 Global IoT gateway market 2018-2027
4.2 Global IoT gateway market by industry 2018-2027
4.3 Industrial IoT gateway market 2018-2027
4.4 Industrial IoT Gateway market by connectivity 2018-2027
4.5 Industrial IoT gateway market by region 2018-2027
4.6 Telematic gateway market 2018–2027
4.7 Telematic gateway market by connectivity 2018-2027
4.8 Telematic gateway market by region 2018-2027
4.9 General IoT gateway market 2018-2027
4.10 General IoT gateway market by connectivity 2018-2027
Competitive landscape
5.1 Competitive landscape overview
5.2 Industrial IoT gateway market—market share 2021/2022
5.3 Telematics gateway market—market share 2021/2022
5.4 General IoT gateway market—market share 2021/2022
5.5 Key company profiles
5.5.1 Advantech Co. Ltd
5.5.2 Sierra Wireless – A Semtech Company
5.5.3 Siemens AG
5.5.4 Eurotech S.p.A
5.5.5 HMS Networks AB
Case Studies
6.1 Overview of 20 case studies
6.2 Six detailed case studies
Trends
7.1 IoT gateway hardware trends
7.2 IoT gateway connectivity trends
7.3 IoT gateway software trends
Methodology and market definitions
About IoT Analytics
Questions answered
What is an IoT gateway? What is an Industrial IoT gateway?
What role do IoT gateways play in the overall IoT ecosystem?
What are the key features, functionalities, and hardware components or modules embedded in an IoT gateway?
What is the current market size and projected growth of the IoT gateway market?
How does the IoT gateway market split by segment (industrial IoT gateways, telematic gateways, and general IoT gateways), region, connectivity technology, and industry?
What does the competitive landscape for IoT gateways look like, who are the key players, and what is their market share?
What are the emerging IoT gateway trends and advancements, both from hardware and software perspectives?
What are some successful case studies demonstrating the benefits of IoT gateways in various applications?
Related reading
Companies mentioned
A selection of companies mentioned in the report.
Aaeon Technology
Adlink Technologies
Advantech
Asus IoT
Bosch
CISCO
CalAmp
Continental Automotive
Danfoss
Dell
Digi International
HMS Networks
Huawei
John Deere
Kontron
Moxa
Pheonix Contacts
Samsara
Schneider Electric
Siemens
Sierra Wireless
Westermo
Our insights are trusted by global industry leaders
Single User License
$3,000/221 page PDF
1 named user within a particular department and country
Complete market report in PDF
Market data in PDF (graphs within the report)
Market model data in EXCEL
Database of 113 IoT gateway vendors in EXCEL
Database of 65 IoT gateway case studies in EXCEL
Complete market report in PPTX
1 hour discussion with the analyst team
Team User License
$4,000/221 page PDF, 3x XLSX
1–5 named users within a particular department and country
Complete market report in PDF
Market data in PDF (graphs within the report)
Market model data in EXCEL
Database of 113 IoT gateway vendors in EXCEL
Database of 65 IoT gateway case studies in EXCEL
Complete market report in PPTX
1 hour discussion with the analyst team
Enterprise Premium License
$6,000/221 page PDF, PPTX, 3x XLSX
Report may be distributed to all employees of the enterprise
Complete market report in PDF
Market data in PDF (graphs within the report)
Market model data in EXCEL
Database of 113 IoT gateway vendors in EXCEL
Database of 65 IoT gateway case studies in EXCEL
Complete market report in PPTX
1 hour discussion with the analyst team
Get your free sample
Download the sample to learn more about:
Report structure
Select definitions
Scope of research
Market data
Companies included
Additional data points
Company email address
Phone
Which specific insights are you interested in?
IMPORTANT: Please tick the box prior to sending your request. All fields are required.
I agree that IoT Analytics GmbH may process my information to contact me and notify me of future research updates in accordance with its privacy statement.
Any questions?
Get in touch with us easily. We are happy to help!

2023 shouldn’t be viewed as the year of hardware and gadgets, but instead it’s the year of the platform for these technologies.
The way in which businesses, enterprises, industry leaders, and consumers utilize technology for everyday tasks is set to undergo one of the most drastic evolutions ever. Just a few short years ago it was nearly impossible to think any other technology could have a greater impact than networked computers, the Internet, or even mobile computing, but now technologies like artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT) and AR/VR are being hyped more than ever.
This year’s Consumer Electronics Show provided a glimpse at whiz-bang technology and gadgets, as well as what might be the first in a whole new generation of premium VR headsets from some big brands as well as upstarts.
However, what everyone and all industries fail to acknowledge is that none of this technology means anything unless the platforms they run on are ready to take off. Because of this, 2023 shouldn’t be viewed as the year of hardware and gadgets, but instead it’s the year of the platform for these technologies.
What is Meant by Platform?
Businesses in 2023 are finally overcoming this significant challenge by leveraging AR/VR platforms that are based on distributed cloud architecture and 3D vision-based AI.
Look at it this way, imagine if you took today’s latest iPhone and ran it on the operating system from 2009. Even though the hardware is amazing, its performance would virtually make the user experience meaningless. The same has been the case for AI, and much of the immersive mixed reality technologies that comprise AR/VR.
Enterprise-grade high-quality AR/VR platforms require both performance and scale. However, existing systems such as MS HoloLens and others are severely limited in both aspects. Most enterprises have a rich repository of existing complex 3D CAD/CAM models created over the years, which is a critical part of the digital thread being laid out. These 3D models may vary in their complexity (such as poly count, hierarchy, details, etc.), making it difficult to run on standalone devices, restricted by device limitations. This forces developers to decimate and optimize the models to work on limited resources available on these devices, breaking the digital thread.
Businesses need to know that as these virtual environments become richer and larger, the problem of scalability continues to compound. This cycle is repeated for each of the different hardware platforms, making it difficult for any enterprise to move from experiments and pilots to full-scale deployable solutions, thus stunting the speed of innovation and effectiveness.
The device limitations also severely restrict the capability of existing AR/VR systems to generate and work within most cloud environments, which is essential to collocate and precisely fuse the virtual objects on top of physical objects in the real world with complex surfaces, and varied lighting and environment.
Businesses in 2023 are finally overcoming this significant challenge by leveraging AR/VR platforms that are based on distributed cloud architecture and 3D vision-based AI. Up until 2023 many of these platforms were not cloud-based and relied on datacenter technology on premise — which for years had slowed the process and compute capacity to a point in which the user experience was not ideal for today’s requirements. However, in 2023 these cloud-based platforms now provide the desired performance and scalability to drive innovation in the industry at speed and scale.
Businesses today are experiencing the next wave of technology innovation that will fundamentally alter the way they operate. This transformation is primarily driven by merging of the digital and physical world to create a better, smarter, and more efficient way of operating. Immersive technologies such as AR/ VR are playing a pivotal role in this transformation.
This transformation is primarily driven by merging of the digital and physical world to create a better, smarter, and more efficient way of operating.
The organizations that take a leadership role will be the ones that not only leverage these technologies, but also partner with the right technology provider to help scale appropriately without having to stunt technological growth.
Cloud Platforms Enable Digital Twins
It is this sort of platform that is finally enabling today’s IT leaders to build the Metaverse — knowledge workers and things being represented by digital twins — a virtual world where people, consumers, workers all gather to communicate, collaborate, and share through a virtual presence on any device. This means companies will build immersive virtual spaces, aka metaverses, and it will allow employees to virtually collaborate using their digital twin through chats, emails, video calls, and even face-to-face meetings.
Well-known companies like Microsoft, Accenture, and Facebook, which itself is now called Meta, are all paving the way toward this new reality of business with their headsets and hardware, but none of it can truly excel and perform without the right platform working behind the scenes building immersive reality, modeling and simulation technologies that will ultimately power this new metaverse and virtual environments.
In 2023, platforms will finally breathe life into these technologies based on the specifications below, all made possible by their cloud-based environments as the engine.
Virtual Reality Space Convergence (AR/VR)
1. Ultra-low latency high-fidelity rendering: Low latency is extremely critical to provide an immersive experience in virtual environments. AR/VR partners provide unparalleled realism of environments by leveraging ultra-low latency remote rendering on cloud/on premise in full fidelity and wirelessly streaming the solution to affordable commercial-off-the-shelf devices — HMD, tablet, and desktop.
2. High-precision 3D artificial intelligence-based spatial mapping: Uses high-fidelity remote spatial mapping with high-fidelity 3D scene reconstruction, scene segmentation and 3D object recognition using 3D vision and deep learning-based AI with precise fusion of the real and virtual worlds to merge both.
Communications and Computing Infrastructure
1. Cloud computing/edge computing: Industrial enterprises will subscribe to multi-cloud, edge cloud. Depending on different factors like data sensitivity, latency, cost, different parts of the environment need to be run at different clouds/edge in a distributed manner.
2. Messaging framework: In the distributed Metaverse, there is a need to update the Metaverse at global scale so users can collaborate seamlessly. AR/VR partners have messaging framework updates distributed to the Metaverse at global scale.
Fundamental Common Technology
Security and privacy is one of the biggest issues facing today’s world. Since digital twins are an integral part, these environments will have much richer data. The security and privacy in virtual environments cannot be solved by traditional security tools. AR/VR partners have built tools that handle security and privacy related to digital twins.
Technologies like AI, IoT, and AR/VR have been hyped for years. But 2023 is the year of the cloud-based platform that finally enables each of these technologies to power business and consumer applications.
This article was written by Dijam Panigrahi, Co-Founder and COO of GridRaster Inc. (Mountain View, CA). For more information, visit here .
More From SAE Media Group
Tech Briefs Magazine
This article first appeared in the April, 2023 issue of Tech Briefs Magazine.
Read more articles from this issue here.
Read more articles from the archives here.

IoT connections market update—May 2023
The latest IoT Analytics “State of IoT—Spring 2023” report shows that the number of global IoT connections grew by 18% in 2022 to 14.3 billion active IoT endpoints. In 2023, IoT Analytics expects the global number of connected IoT devices to grow another 16%, to 16.7 billion active endpoints. While 2023 growth is forecasted to be slightly lower than it was in 2022, IoT device connections are expected to continue to grow for many years to come.
The insights from this article are based on the recently published “State of IoT – Spring 2023” report, a 137-page research report on the current state of the Internet of Things, including a market update and forecast, a discussion of the latest trends, and much more.
Download a sample to learn more about the report structure, select definitions, select market data, additional data points, and trends.
Already a subscriber? Browse your reports here →
IoT connections forecast
According to our analysis, by 2027, there will likely be more than 29 billion IoT connections. Compared to our last IoT device market update a year ago, we lowered our five-year IoT market outlook for two important reasons:
1. Chipset supply to remain constraint for years to come in the face of surging demand
Chipset supply chains have considerably improved in 2023 as demand has weakened in the face of a slowing economy. Despite the demand slump, current chip lead times remain elevated compared to pre-COVID-19 levels. We believe that once the economy recovers and a new demand wave kicks in, chipset supply will become much more constraint again. While it is true that a lot of chip manufacturing capacity is being planned as we speak, fueled by government initiatives such as the US Chip and Science Act (2022) and the EU Chips Act (2022), it may take many years until supply matches or surpasses demand for the majority of different types of chipsets.
Make no mistake, the investments into new chip manufacturing capacity are enormous. TSMC has increased its capital expenditure from approximately $15 billion in 2019 to $42–$44 billion in 2022. Similarly, in 2023, Samsung announced that it plans to invest $230 billion in South Korea over the next 20 years to build new chip production capacity. However, these investments take time to materialize. Semiconductor plant constructions typically take three to four years to complete, and it can take another three to four years for facilities to reach full capacity.
2. China uncertainties
In the last years, China was the leading country for new IoT device connections, with active cellular IoT connections in China alone surpassing two billion in 2022. However, the high growth years may be coming to an end with the country facing a number of issues, including technological supply shortages on the back of renewed US–China trade tensions, most notably in the semiconductor industry. In October 2022, the US placed an export ban on China, causing significant disruption to these industries. Consequently, chip companies are relocating their facilities outside of China. Some companies, such as Infineon, TSMC, AMAT, and ASML, have announced that they are moving parts of their production out of China.
The leading IoT connectivity technologies: three technologies making up nearly 80% of the market
Global IoT connectivity is dominated by three key technologies: Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and cellular IoT.
Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi makes up 31% of all IoT connections. In 2022, more than half of Wi-Fi-enabled devices shipped worldwide were based on the latest Wi-Fi 6 and Wi-Fi 6E technologies, which promise faster and more reliable wireless connectivity. The adoption of these technologies has made communication between IoT devices more efficient, leading to improved user experiences and overall performance. Wi-Fi technology is leading IoT connectivity in sectors such as smart homes, buildings, and healthcare.
Bluetooth. 27% of global IoT connections rely on Bluetooth. Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), also known as Bluetooth Smart, has been continuously developed to allow IoT devices to maintain reliable connectivity while consuming limited power. As a result, BLE is now the preferred option for battery-powered IoT devices such as smart home sensors and asset tracking devices. Even the industrial sector is starting to show increasing interest in IO-Link Wireless technology, which is based on IEEE 802.15.1 (the technical standard for Bluetooth) and allows for wireless communication between sensors/actuators and an I/O master.
Cellular IoT. Cellular IoT (2G, 3G, 4G, 5G, LTE-M, and NB-IoT) now makes up nearly 20% of global IoT connections. According to the Global Cellular IoT Connectivity Tracker & Forecast (Q1/2023 Update) by IoT Analytics, global cellular IoT connections grew 27% YoY in 2022, strongly surpassing the growth rate for global IoT connections. This growth is due to the adoption of newer technologies such as LTE-M, NB-IoT, LTE-Cat 1, and LTE Cat 1 bis, as older technologies such as 2G and 3G are phased out. Although 5G module shipments also grew more than 100% YoY in 2022, the growth rate is still slower than many had expected. In 2023, the top five network operators—China Mobile, China Telecom, China Unicom, Vodafone, and AT&T—managed 84% of all global cellular IoT connections. In terms of IoT revenue, the top five network operators make up 64% of the IoT network operator market, with China Mobile, AT&T, Deutsche Telekom (including T-Mobile), China Unicom, and Verizon leading the market.
Global cellular IoT market share – top 5 network operators
The analysis shows a few notable shifts over the years, for example:
China Mobile jumped from fifth place in 2012 to first place in 2021 and is expected to remain there in the foreseeable future.
AT&T, Verizon, and Deutsche Telekom have consistently ranked in the top five from 2010 to 2022 and are expected to maintain their positions through 2027.
China Unicom joined the top five in 2022 and is projected to remain among the leading network operators through 2027.
IoT connectivity trends to look out for
While the general IoT connectivity landscape only changes slowly (e.g., some devices remain connected for a decade or even longer), new IoT connectivity technologies do have an impact on the landscape in the long run. Here are two interesting developments we are monitoring (for more also visit our Embedded World conference 2023 takeaways and our MWC 2023 takeaways):
1. LPWAN technology convergence
In 2022, the LPWAN industry saw two significant events that shifted the focus from competition among LPWAN connectivity technologies to co-existence and convergence of those technologies. UnaBiz‘s acquisition of Sigfox and Semtech’s acquisition of Sierra Wireless paved the way for LPWAN companies to provide multi-connectivity of several LPWAN technologies at the same time. To make this convergence happen and be able to deploy any LPWAN technology, UnaBiz, for example, now collaborates with The Things Industries, Actility, Soracom, LORIOT, and others. This means that UnaBiz has become more than just a technology provider but rather a solution provider that also bundles all different technologies and orchestrates them on their own software platform. UnaBiz is just one example that shows how the industry is shifting from a single LPWAN technology view to a multi-connectivity solution view.
We anticipate that this LPWAN convergence may lead to the emergence of new multi-LPWAN connectivity modules in the future that would provide end-to-end connectivity in verticals such as logistics and mobility.
2. LEO-based satellite IoT connectivity
LEO satellite connectivity for IoT is gaining popularity because it provides extensive coverage, minimal delays, and strong reliability. The technology is especially useful in the agriculture, maritime, and logistics industries. LEO satellites are closer to Earth than traditional satellites, resulting in reduced latency and faster data transmission, which are essential for real-time data processing. This type of connectivity is more resilient and reliable, ensuring consistent communication, even in challenging environments or during natural disasters. Advancements in LEO-based IoT satellite connectivity continue to optimize performance and enhance the user experience.
According to IoT Analytics, satellite IoT connections are expected to grow from six million to 22 million between 2022 to 2027, at a CAGR of 25%. While this growth is expected to have a minor effect on the overall market, the integration of satellite connectivity options into LPWA chipsets by companies like Qualcomm could accelerate adoption. Sony Semiconductor already launched ALT1350, the first cellular IoT LPWA chipset to offer satellite connectivity, which opens up new possibilities for IoT devices to communicate beyond traditional network boundaries. This integration of satellite connectivity into LPWA chipsets is expected to drive further innovation and growth in the IoT market.
Other State of IoT (Spring 2023) research highlights
The 137-page report highlights a number of current developments in the IoT market. Here are three developments that are discussed in more depth in the report:
1. Predominantly positive IoT sentiment going into the second half of 2023
Despite a number of macro uncertainties and some (IoT-related) layoffs, the IoT market remains largely intact going into the second half of 2023. Most market participants have a predominantly positive outlook, with industrial IoT projects and Industry 4.0 initiatives driving the market. Below are some recent representative quotes from chip companies with a focus on IoT:
“We continue to secure major greenfield design wins, even amid macro uncertainty. The IoT market has incredible potential, with thousands of new applications on the horizon.”
Matt Johnson – President & CEO, Silicon Laboratories (1 February 2023)
“The industrial IoT markets are performing better than our expectations.”
Kurt Sievers – President & CEO, NXP Semiconductors (31 January 2023)
2. IoT platforms market is consolidating
Several major companies that were selling IoT platforms recently announced discontinuations, including Google’s IoT Core, Bosch‘s IoT Device Management, IBM’s Watson IoT Platform, and SAP’s IoT services. The reasons for the strategic shift away from IoT vary. The market dominance of Microsoft Azure IoT and AWS IoT in “generic” IoT platforms certainly played a role, in conjunction with the “the lack of profitability” in the offered IoT services. Several of these companies have announced a shift toward creating solutions specific to particular verticals or relying more on a few select partners to continue to support IoT initiatives (e.g., Google–Litmus Automation partnership).
“IoT services themselves don’t make enough money. The services like AWS IoT Core and Azure IoT Hub are expensive to build and maintain and by themselves they are likely not profit-making.”
Former IoT Product Lead, Microsoft
3. IoT-focused start-ups are struggling to secure funding
The amount of money invested in global IoT start-ups decreased significantly in the last 12 months. In the first quarter of 2023, we tracked 52 IoT-related funding rounds totalling $840 million, a 45% reduction in the value of investment in IoT start-ups companies compared to Q1/2022. Some of the larger recent IoT-related funding rounds include a $150 million Series D for US-based chipset manufacturer Astera Labs in November 2022 and a $43 million Series C for China-based connectivity chipset company XINYI Information Technology in March 2023.
Note: This article was updated in May 2023 to include the latest market data and insights from IoT Analytics.
Click to read previous analyses
More information and further reading
Are you interested in learning more about the state of IoT?
State of IoT—Spring 2023
A comprehensive 137-page market report on the current state of the Internet of Things, including market update and forecast, latest trends, and more.
Download the sample to learn more about the report structure, select definitions, select market data, additional data points, trends, and more.
Related market data
You may be interested in the following IoT market data products:
Global IoT Enterprise Spending
Global Cellular IoT Module and Chipset Market Tracker & Forecast
Global Cellular IoT Connectivity Tracker & Forecast
Related publications
You may be interested in the following publications:
Quarterly Trend Report: What CEOs talked about in Q1/2023
IoT Software Adoption Report 2023
Digital Twin Market Report 2023-2027
Related articles
You may also be interested in the following recent articles:
CEO priorities from 2019 until now: What has changed?
10 notable telco IoT trends—based on insights gathered in Q1 2023
The leading IoT software companies 2023
What CEOs talked about in Q1/2023: Economic uncertainty, layoffs, and the rise of ChatGPT
Global IoT market size to grow 19% in 2023—IoT shows resilience despite economic downturn
Are you interested in continued IoT coverage and updates?
Subscribe to our newsletter and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter to stay up-to-date on the latest trends shaping the IoT markets. For complete enterprise IoT coverage with access to all of IoT Analytics’ paid content & reports including dedicated analyst time check out the Enterprise subscription.

Top notch technology and top notch attendance secured CES 2023 its gold medal; to put it simply, this year’s CES was a huge success. The world’s largest and most prominent consumer electronics and technology exhibition, CES served its usual role as a testing ground for ground-breaking innovations across multiple verticals. From 5G to Web3, and from accessibility and sustainability to home entertainment, the show highlighted some exciting strides in network technology, ESG-oriented business models and products, and a whole crop of mobility solutions that are redefining how we’ll move people and packages around safely.
More than 115,000 people (beating expectations for the year!) attended CES 2023, browsing showcases from over 3,200 exhibitors including top featured companies like LG, Amazon, Google, John Deere, Sony, the Indy Autonomous Challenge, and more. While these companies are setting their own trends in the consumer electronics space with their new solutions, often the market speaks faster than the manufacturing floor, meaning companies at show responded to current and predicted market forces with their showcases to hopefully meet the demand of the moment. So what are those market forces, or trends, that helped shape the technologies at CES 2023? Here’s what we learned based on a handful of companies at the show.
Rideshare Safety
Tech company Bosch recently revealed its latest product, RideCare Companion — an internal camera that can be placed inside any ride-sharing vehicle as an emergency tool. The product will operate as a button that either the driver or the passenger can utilize in case of an emergency. RideCare Companion is basically an SOS button meant to assist the driver in helping any passenger in need and even connect to a dispatcher for assistance or emergency services.
The company’s director of ridesharing solutions, Alexander Djordjevic, discussed how the product will function, including its ultimate purpose for the future of ridesharing experiences. He added that many companies are exploring this technology for the ridesharing industry.
“This service is actually meant to also lower the barriers maybe if you drive at night, or as a driver, but also a passenger so if something happens you just more transparency about everything what is happening and to increase, let’s say maybe also this trend of mobility and uses of mobility also in all sorts of situations maybe … this is an additional layer of safety which can provide so, this is really helping and also to boost, a little bit, the industry — at least that’s our target,” Djordjevic said.
Heavy Industry Automation
Caterpillar Inc. made its first appearance on the show floor of CES 2023, even allowing guests to get a feel of the operations behind its big tech mining machinery and equipment. The manufacturer was there to promote construction tech via its remote operation station. While that wasn’t its only solution, the virtual operation was one of the more memorable activities that Caterpillar offered at the event. Guests were able to operate the company’s mining bulldozers located in Arizona and Illinois, respectively, from the floor of the CES.
In its debut at the show, the company also wanted to emphasize its standing in the tech industry and promote its recruitment strategy. Mindy Elsasser, Caterpillar Inc.’s Mining Customer Experience Manager, said the goal was to inform and educate people on their mission, which is expanding in scope as heavy industry safety needs grow and potential solutions from the AV and IoT worlds arise.
“Within mining we are very focused on helping our customers, one, keep safe. Safety is important especially in mining, making sure everyone gets home safely every day. We’re also focused on helping them again, with their productivity, reducing emissions is very, very key, again, the recruiting effort making sure we have the latest talent, the latest folks that can help us as we keep striving to stay on the cutting edge,” Elsasser said.
Agricultural & Supply Chain Visibility
Introducing one of the most impactful inventions in the farming industry and farming equipment is Monarch Tractor with its machinery that will close the gap between consumers and farmers. At CES 2023, the company’s founder and CEO, Praveen Penmetsa, discussed just how the tractor works and why it’s more necessary now than ever before.
Equipped with GPS and a camera with sensors, the Monarch Tractor allows farmers to show consumers how their food is grown and harvested. Penmetsa said this new-age process not only allows some transparency for the consumer but gives the farmer some great benefits that will improve a farming business.
“The goal here is if we can actually create the connection, the farmer gets to make more money because they can use that data for certification, they can use that data to showcase to the end consumer how they’ve grown the food. And from a consumer standpoint, we get traceability. We know where our food came from, when was it harvested, what chemicals were used, etcetera, and all of that makes the ecosystem better. The goal here is, to make farmers more profitable and make the food ecosystem more sustainable,” Penmetsa said.
Robotics in Agriculture
John Deere, the leading manufacturer of agricultural machinery, heavy equipment, forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment, was at CES 2023 showing off its recent updates to farming equipment among other tech. Jorge Heraud, VP of Automation & Autonomy at John Deere, shared with MarketScale what we should be expecting from robotics in the future as we advance past traditional forms of manufacturing.
“Robotics, computer vision, and optical systems have in general been used in factories in the past, right? So factories are today very automated and robotics are used quite extensively. It’s a very structured environment. Everything is exactly the same, right? And as robots are graduating from the factory, the next natural place is to go to areas like farming, which I call semi-structured. The plants are all grown in rows, there are a lot of extraneous things. So a farm is a unit where you can operate without anybody else being there. In, some ways it’s like an outdoor factory.
You need to deal with a lot more unexpected things. There are weeds, there’s disease, and lighting that changes throughout the day, but it’s a place for robots to graduate to from the factory, in this semi-structured environment where it’s not like driving in the middle of a city or, trying to navigate on a show like this where there are a lot of people.
It’s what you’re going to encounter. It’s going to be plants that are planted in rows and there’s a machine that is specialized for this, so it’s a natural place to graduate. And by the way, Construction has also some of those same elements. So I think what you can find is going to happen next is that construction is going to be the next big area where this starts to happen.”
Making Every-Day Movement More Precise
Point One Navigation is a company committed to solving the navigation problems of the future through its high precision localization. The company was also a proud sponsor of one of teams competing at this year’s Indy Autonomous Challenge in Las Vegas. Aaron Nathan, CEO and Founder of Point One Navigation, shared with us the technical aspects of the technology powering not only high-speed races but also every day commutes, and how it’s changing what people can do with traditional GPS.
“I’m Aaron, CEO and founder of Point One Navigation. We are happy to be sponsoring one of the teams in the Indie Racing Challenge here at CES. The team from Hawaii, they are using some of our positioning technology on their vehicle and this is just an incredible program because not only are these cars pushing the absolute limits of what you can do on a vehicle, but frankly, with the technology that eventually will be in production cars, but it’s also giving the students an amazing opportunity to be involved in something early in their careers.
I got my start looking at this back in the DARPA Grand Challenge days when I was at university. So I’m really happy that we’re extending that same type of opportunity to students who are working on this today in their university program. It’s a really important thing for developing future vehicles that will be safer or more convenient and it’s just really exciting to see.”

IoT (Internet of Things) Market on the Rise: Forecasting a $ 4,421.62 Billion Industry by 2030
The Internet of Things (IoT) market has been experiencing significant growth in recent years, and several trends and factors are driving this growth.
PORTLAND, PORTLAND, OR, UNITED STATES, October 13, 2023 /EINPresswire.com/: According to a recent report published by Allied Market Research, The global IoT market size was valued at $740.47 billion in 2020, and is projected to reach $4,421.62 billion by 2030, growing at a CAGR of 19.67% from 2021 to 2030.
Advancements in industrial-grade digital technology, an increase in inclination toward cloud-based IoT software, and rise in need for improved supply chain & customer relation management majorly contribute toward the growth of the global IoT market. IoT helps people live and work smarter, as well as gain complete control over their lives in addition to offering smart devices to automate homes, which is becoming the primary need of customers. Furthermore, IoT provides businesses with a real-time look into how their systems really work, delivering insights into everything from the performance of machines to supply chain and logistics operations.
Request Sample Report at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-sample/463
Covid-19 Scenario:
• There has been a rapid surge in the demand for cloud-based IoT solutions to support businesses as they adopted a remote working culture during the pandemic. These solutions played a crucial role in keeping the business operations under control and running.
• The IoT technology played a major role in maintaining excellent connectivity between different devices. Various IoT solutions such as digital data exchange, remote access, real-time data analytics, and real-time work floor control were implemented.
IoT market trends in Asia-Pacific is expected to exhibit highest growth during the forecast period, owing to strong economic growth along with the ongoing development in IoT and real-time data analysis, which drives organizations to invest heavily in IoT market to sustain growth and improve productivity. In addition, factors such as major shift toward digital transformation, cloud deployment & technological advancement among small & medium businesses, and continuously ongoing modernization in work force management strategy in emerging economies notably contribute toward the market growth. Furthermore, key players in Asia-Pacific are focusing on enhancing their operations and increasing their overall efficiency to stay competitive in the market, which is expected to provide lucrative opportunities for the growth of the market during the forecast period.
For Report Customization: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-for-customization/463
On the basis of components, the solution segment dominated the overall IoT industry in 2020, and is expected to continue this IoT market trend during the forecast period. This is attributed to increase in adoption of IoT solution among business to gain strategic as well as competitive advantage and strong customer retention over their competitors. In addition, these solutions save both time as well as money, leverage existing data investments, and improve image analysis capabilities, with just a single solution. Which provides lucrative opportunities for market growth. However, the service segment is expected to witness highest IoT market growth, as service segment of IoT industry ensures effective coordination between software provider companies and users of IoT solution by providing services such as implementation, training, consulting services, and managed services.
Based on industry vertical, the manufacturing segment contributed to the highest market share in 2020, holding more than one-fourth of the global IoT market, and is projected to maintain its leadership status during the forecast period. This is attributed to rapid technological advancements in their infrastructure and cutting-edge technologies such as IoT, artificial intelligence, and 5G technologies. However, the healthcare segment is expected to manifest the fastest CAGR of 26.2% from 2021 to 2030, owing to enhanced security, cost benefits, and improved bandwidth along with the major shift toward digitalization and rapid data analytics.
Depending on deployment mode, the on-premise segment garnered the largest share in 2020, and is expected to continue this trend during the forecast period. This is attributed to numerous benefits provided by this on-premise deployment such as high level of data security and safety. However, the cloud segment is expected to witness highest growth in the upcoming years. Cloud deployment does not need any investment in IT infrastructure as all data is stored on cloud server, which increases the demand for IoT software in small and medium-scale organizations.
Buy Now & Get Exclusive Report at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/internet-of-things-IoT-market/purchase-options
Based on region, North America held the highest market share in terms of revenue in 2020, contributing to around two-fifths of the global IoT industry, and is expected to maintain its dominance by 2030. This is attributed to implementation of emerging digital technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data analytics, and industrial automation for a customer-centric approach and a greater market share. However, Asia-Pacific is estimated to witness the fastest CAGR of 23.1% during the forecast period, owing to numerous economic and process benefits such as real-time data analytics, network management, and industrial automation of IoT along with the rise in demand for smartphones and internet access.
This report gives an in-depth profile of some key market players in the IoT industry are Intel Corporation, Sap Se, Cisco Systems Inc, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, IBM Corporation, Google LLC, Hewlett-Packard Enterprise, Amazon Web Services Inc., and Bosch Software Innovation GmbH. This study includes market trends, market analysis, and future estimations to determine the imminent investment pockets.
Access the full summary at: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/internet-of-things-IoT-market
Also read: HR Tech Adoption in MSMEs: Challenges & Solutions
Do Follow: CIO News LinkedIn Account | CIO News Facebook | CIO News Youtube | CIO News Twitter
About us:
CIO News, a proprietary of Mercadeo, produces award-winning content and resources for IT leaders across any industry through print articles and recorded video interviews on topics in the technology sector such as Digital Transformation, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), Cloud, Robotics, Cyber-security, Data, Analytics, SOC, SASE, among other technology topics.

The World Economic Forum has identified 18 more Industry 4.0 ‘lighthouse’ factories that have managed to “transcend debilitating macro forces” by making use of the latest industrial IoT-related tech. The organisation’s latest bi-annual lighthouse intake brings its total to 132 manufacturing sites, in various industries, in all regions. It has also picked three new ‘sustainability lighthouses’, for reducing their environmental footprint through the use of sundry sensing (IoT) and sense-making (AI) tech, plus contemporary networking and computing capabilities.
Forty-four percent of factories in the new lighthouse intake (eight of 18) are located in China. Almost 28 percent (five of 18) are in Southern and Southeast Asia – variously in India, Japan, Thailand and the Philippines. Europe, which has also featured strongly in the list historically, contributed two entrants, in Germany and Ireland. Turkey – which crosses Europe, the Middle East, and Central Asia – also features in the list.
As per previous coverage on Enterprise IoT Insights, now incorporated into RCR Wireless, Europe and Asia have been strongholds for smart manufacturing, according to the review. North America, which has traditionally ranked lower for lighthouse recognition, contributes a single new entrant, courtesy of an LG Electronics factory in Clarksville, in the US. Unliever site in Indaiatuba, in Brazil, is the only new lighthouse factory in South America, which has ranked even lower.
Uniliver, it might be noted, features a number of times in the larger list (and twice among the new intake), with factories in all regions. The UK consumer goods firm is not the only one; of the new entrants, at least Bosch, Coca-Cola, Foxconn, Haier, Johnson & Johnson, Lenovo, and Procter & Gamble have all featured before. The new sustainability lighthouses, which now number 13, are in Brazil, China, and Germany – operated by US-owned (Singapore-based) multinational ODM electronics maker Flex, plus Haier (again), and Siemens (another multi-entrant in the list).
Writing in a news post about the latest additions, McKinsey & Company, which runs the survey on behalf of the World Economic Forum since 2018, said all the lighthouse sites are recognised for their use of “‘fourth-industrial-revolution’ technologies, from artificial intelligence and robotics to cloud computing and big data”. McKinsey & Company said the new sustainability score Shows “productivity and sustainability are no longer at odds with one another”.
Francisco Betti, head of advanced manufacturing at World Economic Forum, commented: “Lighthouse companies are achieving double-digit impact on throughput, costs, and lead times… They are setting the pace across industries… [and] demonstrating how to scale advanced technologies across entire manufacturing networks and beyond towards suppliers and customers or new functions, such as procurement, logistics, and research and development.”
A white paper claims to show how smart manufacturing sites integrate people and technologies – “to do more, faster”. A statement says: “The difference [with lighthouse factories isn’t] so much size, sector, geography, or external conditions. The real differentiators are mindset and strategic focus… Lighthouses are three times more likely to consider their production networks to be advanced in the use of technologies, and 50 percent more likely to be ahead of schedule in scaling them.”
A full list of all the new entrants on the lighthouse list is included below; all the text is from McKinsey & Company.
Three new Sustainability Lighthouses
Flex (Sorocaba, Brazil): With an aim of reducing energy use, water consumption, and GHG emissions, Flex’s facility in Sorocaba implemented smart factory utilities management and optimized electronic waste in its supply chain and manufacturing operations using IoT sensors to enable circular economy solutions. Flex Sorocaba reduced scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions by 41%, for scope 3 managed to avoid 44 kilotonnes of CO2 eq (carbon dioxide equivalent), and reduced water consumption by more than 30%.
Haier (Tianjin, China): To build resilience in the face of rising energy costs and also reduce carbon emissions, Haier applied big data and AI to establish a power load model of equipment, as well as a production scheduler optimizing for energy consumption, reducing energy consumption by 35% and GHG emissions by 36%.
Siemens (Amberg, Germany): To reach its net zero target already by 2026, four years ahead of the corporate pledge, Siemens adopted digital process analysis and measurements, reducing its scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions by 69% normalized to volumes. In addition, to decarbonize its entire supply chain (scope 3), the plant acts as an incubator to develop Fourth Industrial Revolution products such as a digital product pass and a blockchain-based software to exchange CO2 data with suppliers.
Eighteen new Lighthouses:
Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (Kaohsiung, Taiwan, China): To improve productivity and reduce lead time in an increasingly complex manufacturing environment of over 100 process steps, ASE Kaohsiung’s bumping factory deployed AI applications in their processes from inspection to dispatch. As a result, the site was able to increase output by 67% while reducing order lead time by 39%.
Bosch (Bursa, Türkiye): To secure future investments and resources for production of new products such as hydrogen components, the Bosch Powertrain Solutions Plant in Bursa needed to further strengthen its cost leadership. By deploying AI use cases such as close loop process control for hydro-erosion, and upskilling 100% of the workforce, they reduced unit manufacturing cost by 9% and improved OEE by 9%.
CEAT (Halol, India): To capture greater market volumes, CEAT needed to incorporate greener materials and meet stringent in-process specifications. CEAT deployed Fourth Industrial Revolution use cases like Advanced Analytics to optimize cycle times and digitalization of the operator’s touchpoints. As a result, the site reduced cycle times by 20%, process scrap by 46%, and energy consumption by 15%. Overall, this resulted in a ~2.5x increase in export and OEM sales in two years.
The Coca-Cola Company (Ballina, Ireland): Ballina site, the company’s largest concentrate manufacturing facility, delivers over 3,500 SKUs to 68 countries. To enable growth, build resilience, and address increasing portfolio complexity, the site implemented digital, and analytics use cases. As a result, it improved cost by 16% while expanding its SKU portfolio by 30%, and led Fourth Industrial Revolution scaling across the network of 17 sites.
Foxconn Industrial Internet (Shenzhen, China): In response to customers’ needs for rapid releases of new smartphone products and strict quality standards, Foxconn Industrial Internet enabled agile product introduction, quick capacity ramp-up, and smart mass production by deploying 37 different Fourth Industrial Revolution use cases at scale. This accelerated new product introduction by 29%, led to 50% faster ramp-ups, reduced quality non-conformance by 56%, and reduced manufacturing cost by 30%.
Haier (Hefei, China): Facing challenges in product diversity, time-to-delivery, and quality due to supplier base expansion, the site deployed 18 different Fourth Industrial Revolution use cases across their supply network, R&D, manufacturing, and customer services, leveraging their bespoke IIoT platform designed to accelerate at-scale deployment of AI, machine vision, and Advanced Analytics. Doing so cut order lead time in half and lowered on-site defect rates by 33%.
Huayi New Material (Shanghai, China): To respond to external challenges such as 30% over-capacity and higher costs due to market volatility, the company has deployed 28 different Fourth Industrial Revolution use cases, such as machine-learning-enabled process optimization and AI-enabled safety management. As a result, labour productivity increased by 33%, conversion cost fell by 20%, energy consumption dropped 31%, and recordable safety incidents reached zero.
Johnson & Johnson Consumer Health (Mulund, India): Facing a volatile demand in a highly fragmented and complex network of distributors and vendors, Johnson & Johnson India deployed Fourth Industrial Revolution solutions such as demand sensing, smart logistics, robotics, and 3D printing. As a result, they reduced OTIF losses by 66%, accelerated new product introduction by 33%, and improved cost per piece by 34%.
Lenovo (Hefei, China): Facing fierce competition, significant demand fluctuation and growing product customization, Lenovo Hefei, as the world’s largest single PC factory, deployed over 30 Fourth Industrial Revolution flexible automation and advanced analytics use cases, improving labor productivity by 45%, reducing supplier quality issue by 55%, while managing small size yet numerous customer orders (80% of them being less than five units).
LG Electronics (Clarksville, United States): Following establishment of a plant in the U.S. two years ago to be closer to customers, LG encountered various human resource risks and a lack of production know-how. By adopting Fourth Industrial Revolution technologies such as deep learning, automation, and digitalization, LG was able to strengthen its strategic production base in the US, increasing sales by 68% and growing net profit by 703%.
MantaMESH (Fröttstädt, Germany): With cost leadership being critical to compete as a SME in a highly competitive commodity market, MantaMESH developed a Fourth Industrial Revolution online manufacturing business model that connects customers to an automated fulfillment system. All online interactions are processed in real time, with a seamless connection to smart manufacturing plants. The result is a 261% increase in customer activity and 73% growth in production volumes while reducing energy consumption / kg produced by 32%.
Mondelēz (Suzhou, China): To quadruple retail channels in China, double store coverage to 4 million retail outlets, and address the impact of double-digit inflation related to labour and logistics costs, the company invested in multiple Fourth Industrial Revolution solutions. This allowed it to transform a linear supply chain into an integrated supply ecosystem, with OTIF improved by 18%, lead times reduced by 32%, and secure growth in market share from 23.4% to 28.3%.
Procter & Gamble (Takasaki, Japan): To address a 2-3% YoY business growth with limited footprint expansion potential, the site implemented Fourth Industrial Revolution use cases such as data flow integration, digital twin, and machine learning across the end-to-end value chain (from R&D to customers). As a result, the innovation lead time accelerated by 72%, shutdown days for trial were reduced by 21%, and the order horizon from customers improved 14-fold.
Unilever (Indaiatuba, Brazil): Facing a shrinking market, Unilever’s site in Indaiatuba, the largest powder detergent factory in the world, top in productivity, and second in cost efficiency globally, but biggest contributor of Unilever to GHG emissions, implemented use cases such as digital twin and AI to improve cost leadership and agility to the market, while minimizing environmental footprint. As a result, Indaiatuba reduced innovation lead time by 33%, production costs per ton by 23%, and nearly eliminated GHG emissions.
Unilever (Tianjin, China): Having navigated COVID-19 uncertainties in the catering industry in the past three years, Unilever accelerated market penetration in low tier cities by deploying over 30 Fourth Industrial Revolution use cases, such as tailor-made 24/7 digital selling, optimal end-to-end advanced planning, and AI-enabled quality control. As a result, the number of customers served doubled, order-to-delivery lead time shrank by 40%, and customer complaints fell by 62%.
Western Digital (Laguna, Philippines): To build resilience in the face of volcanic eruptions, typhoons, long lead time for materials, volatile demand, and tightened product specifications, the Laguna site deployed over 25 use cases at scale, such as event anomaly detection by Advanced Analytics and end-to-end production variation compensation by machine learning. As a result, the site was able to reduce unplanned shutdowns by 82% and production cost per unit by 54%.
Western Digital (Bang Pa-in, Thailand): Bang Pa-in is producing cost sensitive consumer hard disk drives (HDDs). Facing material cost increase caused by supply chain uncertainty and with the goal to limit capital deployment due to market shifting to solid-state drives (SSD), Bang Pa-in implemented diverse Fourth Industrial Revolution use cases to reduce factory cost by 33% while reducing energy consumption/PetaByte by 40%.
Wistron (Zhongshan, China): Faced with the pressure to deliver 60% of orders in less than 72 hours, the company needed to accelerate end to end processes without compromising quality. Wistron transformed its entire value chain via 33 in house-built use cases. Despite supply shortages, productivity was enhanced by 32%, defect rates were reduced by 55% and delivery times shortened to 48 hours. Ultimately, manufacturing unit costs were reduced by 22%.

At this year’s Agritechnica, Bosch Rexroth will present new products for developing innovative, high-performance agricultural machines and tractors in a cost-effective manner.
In hydraulics, these include the complete AgDrive solution for the travel drive of self-propelled agricultural machines, SB24/SB34 sandwich valves with advanced functions and new additions to the range of axial piston pumps for the electronic open circuit (eOC).
In the area of automation, a radar-based collision warning system will improve safety in the field, on construction sites and on the roads. The eLION modular electrification platform is now complemented by compact motors. The BODAS Connect telematics portfolio has new entry-level hardware. To encourage digital collaboration when developing mobile machines, Bosch Rexroth is launching a new offering with the myBODAS platform.
AgDrive solution
In the AgDrive travel drive solution, Bosch Rexroth combines state-of-the-art hydrostatic travel drive components and BODAS Software to form a complete package which allows customisable travel drives for self-propelled, multi-motor agricultural machines to be developed in a cost-effective manner.
For even more efficient working hydraulics, Bosch Rexroth is expanding its eOC (electronic Open Circuit) platform with the new A10VO Series 60 medium-pressure axial piston pump with high power density. Thanks to the 50 percent reduction in pressure pulsation, noise emissions and space requirements have again been reduced, while the revised rotary group improves efficiency.
Thanks to a new 5-position valve spool, the SB24 and SB34 sandwich valves provide manufacturers of tractors and other agricultural machines with more functions in the same space. One practical application for the fifth position is the Hitch Lowering Support (HLS) for lowering attachments quickly and safely without installing additional valve modules.
Automation and electrification innovations
With the radar-based collision warning system, Bosch Rexroth is presenting a modular, easy-to-integrate complete solution at Agritechnica that improves off-highway safety and reduces development work. The system helps to prevent accidents, especially when traveling at high speeds. Thanks to clearly defined interfaces, the solution is compatible with all travel drives and meets the functional safety requirements set out in the ISO 21815 standard.
Bosch Rexroth is adding the EMP series of precisely controllable motors with improved power density to the eLION modular electrification platform. With high torques in the lower speed range, the new series has everything needed for particularly compact and high-performance machines.
Bosch Rexroth is offering manufacturers a cost-effective introduction to customized telematics for off-highway vehicles with its new RCU Lite connectivity unit. The attractively priced entry-level hardware for IoT applications not only offers excellent performance – it is also scalable and safe.
Digital collaboration
With the enhanced myBODAS development platform, Bosch Rexroth provides a digital workspace that allows easier and faster software development thanks to numerous support and community features. In addition, registered members can download validated BODAS application software from the three product lines ASrun, ASopen and ASlib free of charge as part of the Try it First approach. They can then test and modify the software according to their requirements. Licensing costs are only incurred for use in series production.

PITTSBURGH — Wesco International on Wednesday announced an expanded portfolio of services designed to help customers, suppliers and partners navigate an increasingly dynamic global marketplace.
In a world fraught with supply chain challenges, technology convergence and sustainability demands, Wesco's newly expanded capabilities underscore the company's mission to build, connect, power and protect the world.
Complementing Wesco's existing products and services portfolio, the newly expanded capabilities include the formation of an "Innovation Partner Ecosystem"; the expansion of internet of things advisory services; and the opening of a new solutions innovation center in Glenview, Illinois.
"Wesco's innovative digital solutions are another synergy resulting from the transformational combination of Wesco and Anixter and represent a key milestone in achieving our vision of being the best tech-enabled supply chain solutions provider in the world," said Wesco Chairman, President and CEO John Engel. "Our expanded set of services will enable new markets and business opportunities for our suppliers and strategic partners. Our customers will benefit from our scale and global technical resources to deliver dynamic solutions that drive innovation and together, we will unlock value across our entire ecosystem."
Wesco will partner with our customers, installation partners and manufacturer community globally, to innovate and provide strategies that deliver meaningful return on investment. The newly formed Innovation Partner Ecosystem will work together to develop solutions to help customers achieve aggressive goals around electrification, automation and IoT, grid modernization, security, supply chain consolidation and digitalization. Comprising an impressive group of product and software companies, the consortium currently includes: APC, Arcules, Axis Communications, Belden, Bosch, Cisco Meraki, Commscope, Corning, Crestron, DMI, Eaton, Leviton Manufacturing and Panduit.
Wesco has also expanded its global IoT advisory services. As information technology (IT) and operations technology (OT) come together, customers across every sector are looking to gain real-time, data-driven insights into their businesses. Through a combination of IT and OT expertise, deployment support, installation enhancement services, broad portfolio of products and supply chain expertise, Wesco and its partners help integrators and end-user customers define a clear path to solving their most important operational challenges by harnessing IoT.
Customers can view these capabilities and experience the power they can bring firsthand at Wesco's Innovation Centers located around the world in the United States, Mexico, Brazil, England and India. In its newest center-of-excellence, located in Glenview; Wesco will develop, co-innovate and demonstrate technologies and connected solutions from strategic suppliers and its Innovation Partner Ecosystem.

Future
getty
It’s not hard to be worried about the future and many of the concerns we may have are indeed valid.
With big global challenges that are either here already like climate change or looming like the risk of AI taking a life of its own, there’s never been more pressure on entrepreneurs, investors, policymakers, businesses and customers to step up and make the right decisions.
If we zoom in, the history of humanity can look like a series of failures. However, if we zoom out, the overall trend has mostly been one of progress and resilience. Resilience not of specific structures and systems but of an ability to reinvent ourselves and come up with innovative solutions. Technology has been playing a crucial part in enabling this and it is here to stay. Are we now moving too fast and pushing its limits too far beyond our comprehension?
While remaining cognizant of the known and unknown challenges ahead, here are some reasons to be optimistic about the future.
The enduring power of entrepreneurship: a rising tide of stronger innovators
As a lifelong entrepreneur turned growth equity investor, Wes Nichols, Partner at March Capital, remains focused not only on the investment opportunities that are beginning to reveal themselves but also on the reality that entrepreneurship continues to be the lifeblood of the economy. “Very little innovation happens inside of big companies – politics, funding issues, fear of failure, innovator’s dilemma challenges, and so on. Most of society’s innovation has come from founders and investors taking significant risks to come up with a new way of solving a problem or a need. We are looking to work with those founders who combine vision, ambition, grit and this critical spirit of relentless innovation.”
When Nichols and his co-founder were building MarketShare, a predictive analytics software company, they had to navigate through incredibly challenging economic headwinds. The scheduled closure of their series A round coincided with the collapse of Lehman Brothers. Their investor had no choice but to withdraw from the deal, leaving the company with a mere three months' worth of cash reserves. After renegotiations and a dramatic valuation change leading to a much smaller investment, the investor kept their word and helped the company survive. This experience, however, proved to be a transformative period for the founders and their venture, demanding unwavering focus and determination. They not only survived but came out stronger and more resourceful.
This dynamic is still at play today. “It is hard to explain the level of optimism and determination needed to create something from scratch and then create ‘escape velocity’. Most start-ups fail – bad product/market fit, poor leadership, lack of grit, capital constraints… so many reasons. But the optimism burns bright in most founders, and that won’t change given the economy. It will just mean more calluses, more sleepless nights, and more required patience by your capital partners and employees. The ability to help founders navigate these dynamics is what we are doing at March and why I love what I do.”
Franco Danesi, Partner at Korelya Capital, is finding it refreshing that after a lot of hype the markets have taken a breather. “For us this is an additional reason to be optimistic as current vintages will benefit from more attractive valuations but also companies that will learn to thrive with less capital and therefore build more resilient business models.” Nichols adds that in fact seven of the ten largest US companies by market cap were backed by venture capital and that all seven were funded within two to four years of a market correction. There will be great companies born during this downturn.
Georgia Stevenson, Partner at Index Ventures, highlights: “Any founder starting a business in this climate, believes in their vision regardless of the macro. It sorts the missionaries from the mercenaries, and with that comes authentic ambition and the types of folks we look to work with.”
Technology has also played a role in democratizing entrepreneurship by reducing the financial barriers to starting a company. “The time and cost it takes to build and ship software products has dropped by more than 10x in the last two decades. This opens up tech entrepreneurship massively and makes it an exciting time to meet and work with a wider variety of entrepreneurial talent,” shares angel investor Michael Tefula.
Reem Mobassaleh Wyndham, Founding Partner at Pact VC, expands on the benefits of this trend: “Since the 2000s, instead of investing in expensive hardware and infrastructure, entrepreneurs can leverage cloud-based services for their computing, storage, and networking needs. Cloud services offer scalable and affordable solutions, eliminating the need for upfront capital expenditure on servers, data centres, and IT infrastructure. Today, the availability of open-source software in conjunction with the growing presence of AI is once again radically reducing the cost and time of software development for startups. This fosters innovation and enables startups to develop products and services without starting from zero. On the flip side, these lower barriers to entry combined with this increased scalability and reach allows startups to service underserved (or even unserved) demographics effectively – more profitably than ever before.”
We are indeed at an inflection point, not only from a technological standpoint but also from a cultural standpoint. “Today young and bright people are more interested in innovation. They prefer working in or building a startup to working in a bank or getting a comfortable job in a big corporate. We also celebrate failure more, and while that might sound trivial or counter-intuitive, we can’t break boundaries, innovate or create without embracing it. When I founded my startup more than 10 years ago (long exited), my friends and family were scared that if I failed, it would ruin my career. Today, their attitude would be different,” shares Mathilda Bosch, investor at Techstars.
Danesi adds that the density of talented and ambitious professionals – from entrepreneurs to investors – seeking to make an impact has never been higher. “The unprecedented relevance of technology to help address societies' biggest challenges like digital care, climate change and food security will help these talented professionals find an answer to their increasing need to make a positive impact on society.”
Unlocking the future: harnessing tech's potential for an enhanced life
Tech has become increasingly pervasive in every walk of life and AI promises to amplify this reality. “In the past, AI was relegated to academia and a select few practitioners. With the launch of products like ChatGPT, AI became accessible to the masses – a momentous occasion for the mainstreaming of AI,” states Deep Nishar, Managing Director at General Catalyst. Heritage Holdings is an existing Limited Partner of General Catalyst.
It’s all happening fast, faster than ever. ChatGPT gained 100M users in 2 months’ time. “We’re on the precipice of sweeping change. It could be from the day-to-day work we do, to running a fast-food restaurant that uses IOT and artificial intelligence, to driving operations within a large enterprise tech company. It’s involved in the development of medicine and therapies which use advanced software and AI technologies. It’s in the way we build physical things whether it’s building machines or even real estate. We believe being an investor in the lifeblood of how humanity thrives is consequential and exciting.”
The theme that excites Nishar most is how investment in AI can help to create software that acts as a “good teacher” and actually make humans more efficient, more creative, and more fulfilled.
“Think about the macro shifts in workforce productivity. We have always been on this quest for ever-increasing workforce productivity. I believe AI and ML are key to enabling us to continue increasing productivity and GDP as a result of that. I see a shift in the way we develop software and what software can do for us. ML adapts software to each user’s capabilities and requirements. It’s not one size fits all – we are seeing mass customization of software which will enable humans to do their jobs differently in a way they want to be productive and effective. It’s not so much about replacement of the workforce as it is about augmentation – freeing us from mundanity and allowing us to use our skills for more fulfilling work.”
The acceleration of AI capability is also stressed by Stevenson. “This is the biggest paradigm shift since mobile & the cloud. We are excited to continue to seek out new investments across the whole AI spectrum; from foundation models, to infrastructure picks and shovels, to innovative applications across every industry.”
As the velocity of business continues to accelerate, so does the need for faster, more accurate decision-making. “Just like factories in the early 1900s had a ‘Vice President of Electricity’ who was responsible for overseeing the shift from steam to electric, we are seeing extra emphasis on AI and data. I do believe that innovative companies will continue to buy and build this technology stack on their own as it is mission-critical. The value of AI and customer data is becoming more accessible to everyone in an organization (not just a data team) through tools that enable data-driven decision-making and automation," observes Nichols.
“I think with all the potential for automation and job displacement, we’ll be brought back to what it really means to be human. In other words, what positive aspects of our humanity do we want to cultivate more, and do we need technology to help us with that?” predicts Tefula. “Whether it’s connecting deeply with those we care about, or leading more healthy, fulfilling and mindful lives, I think we’re going to see a massive shift back to the basics of what a good life is.”
While there is a lot of well-placed concern around the potential risk of AI ramping unchecked – with scenarios ranging from job displacement to planetary extinction – there is also an opportunity to solve pressing problems more cheaply and at a greater scale. “There is a growing focus on sustainability and addressing the global challenges our planet is faced with. Technology can play a key role in addressing these challenges by providing innovative solutions for renewable energy, sustainable agriculture, and efficient transportation, among other areas,” adds Mobassaleh Wyndham.
Danesi is also optimistic about tech’s role in providing part of the answer to help us face several large global challenges: “1. Climate change: from lower-carbon economic activity to GHG identification and measurement. 2. Digital care technologies will give societies the ability to take care of the increasing elderly population as well as of the growing number of patients suffering from chronic diseases. These tools will lead to transformational changes in the way healthcare systems are organized and care is delivered (more prevention, more remote care, empowerment of nurses and caretakers). 3. Households seeking to make more sustainable and financially sound economic decisions will also have more options available: from focusing on second hand / circular ownership to enabling smarter and more sound financial investment decisions.”
When it comes to financial inclusion, Bosch highlights blockchain and cryptocurrencies which often suffer a bad reputation but overlooking their potential for use cases across financial inclusion and transparency would be like missing the forest for the trees. “I do fall in and out of love with it, though. Still, the constant is impatience to see what happens next – not as a speculative asset class driven by greed, but as a means to bring more financial stability, for example, where currency volatility is an issue. You have the possibility to connect people everywhere to one digital network, creating global opportunities for them.”
She’s also highlighting the potential of solving problems from space. “Launching a constellation of satellites in LEO orbits has never been more affordable. Though it comes with challenges, we can only expect space tech to continue progressing. If you want to solve a big problem, solve it from space – from connectivity to advanced agriculture to monitoring and managing the impact of climate change more efficiently. After a first wave of software investments, the latter is gathering increased interest from the investment and tech community – particularly in hard-to-decarbonize industries and deep tech. More and more capital is flowing into the space to solve the ‘tough’ problems, and having even surpassed Fintech in the UK as of last year. "
Bridging boundaries: fostering interdisciplinary collaboration for responsible innovation
Technology can indeed have a significant contribution to solving our biggest societal problems. However, given the scale and complexity of the challenges we face, close collaboration is required and an interdisciplinary approach. This is particularly relevant in the case of frontier technologies.
“Having been in the tech business for three decades, I can say that today’s level of intentionality and proactive discourse around responsible innovation is the highest I’ve ever seen. That's from the builder’s side. And from the government side, bodies are recognizing the power that can be unleashed; rather than burying their heads in the sand, policymakers are taking a proactive approach to define so that we can realize the potential of AI while avoiding collateral damage,” highlights Nishar.
Nishar acknowledges that while the arc of progress is usually positive, it can have profound effects on certain categories of the population. “For example, as automation increased in factories, the number of cars produced kept going up while the number of workers per factory went down. Automation increased GDP as a whole class of workers saw fewer jobs. Today, the government is getting involved and is putting in place governance around AI in conjunction with the developers and trying to be ahead of the curve.”
“We see some of the biggest epicenters of transformation in healthcare, fintech and crypto, and climate technology. We see the need to build more globally resilient systems in the areas of education and workforce transformation, security, defense, and intelligence. We believe this can be done when investors, founders, and industry partners engage in radical collaboration to ensure the power of AI is unlocked to solve some of our biggest societal problems without creating new ones. When it comes to advances in artificial intelligence, our fundamental belief is that every stakeholder – technologist or not, from builders to end-users – plays a role in ethical AI.
In our view, responsible and ethical innovation contributes to stronger and more enduring companies, which in turn has the potential to lead to better investment outcomes. I believe investing in AI could require longer investment horizons and greater levels of financial and intellectual engagement, requiring venture capital investors to actively govern the technologies that we seek to support.”
Bosch is excited about the recent advancements and convergence of exponential technologies such as AI, Quantum Computing, processing power or AR. “They have the potential to bring about a future where access to education, healthcare and economic opportunities are available to all, regardless of location or socio-economic status. It still needs to be determined where these technologies will take us. We are in the middle of a lot of noise. However, there is no doubt they will accelerate innovation and progress in various fields.“ Technological advances in quantum sensors are already enabling a new method of global navigation based on Earth’s magnetic field as an alternative for when GPS is compromised. They are also empowering a revolutionary increase in sensitivity for biomedical devices, the first use case being in the diagnosis of cardiovascular diseases.
The broader potential and the early results in the medical field are unquestionable. To give just one example, a brain–spine interface has recently allowed a paralyzed man to walk using his thoughts. “We at March are also encouraged by the progress of AI in the biotechnology space. The union of computational science and biological science will change how drug discovery and cures are created,” shares Nichols. Angel investor Steve Burtt anticipates a healthcare reform, targeting and healing the root cause of many lifestyle and psychological issues, going beyond diagnosis and treatment of the symptoms. “The trend towards increased self-agency will continue. This is relevant for many sectors but particularly healthcare. The future will bring a more proactive and holistic approach to health and wellbeing.”
The drive towards responsible innovation is also fueled by new generations. Many millennials and Gen Z have been leading the way in demanding progress. “This values driven approach to life and work is permeating upward to older generations too causing major demand for improvement of quality of life at the personal, social and professional levels. This is driving a lot of innovation within future of work, automation, training tech as well as healthtech and at the preventative end of this, wellbeing. There is a similar ever-growing focus on sustainability to ensure a prosperous future for our planet, as companies and consumers alike have acknowledged the necessity of swiftly addressing environmental issues. Given both the shift in values-based living as well as through various government regulations, the focus on the need for climate solutions is being driven by both a push and a pull,” expands Mobassaleh Wyndham.
Tefula is also inspired by the attitude that some millennials and Gen Z have towards sustainability and mindful stewardship of our planet and society at large. “This is in stark contrast to previous generations and is evident with the growing number of entrepreneurs building companies in areas such as climate tech, healthcare, and responsible AI. This gives me hope that as society wields ever more powerful technology, we’ll also work very hard so that we get the best out of it, while minimizing the potential for harm.”
How do we mitigate the potential for harm? That’s a key question that needs to be addressed. If we fail to do it, the likelihood of a bright future diminishes significantly.

The software arm of Canada-based tech firm BlackBerry is looking to co-innovate in the automotive and technology space with partners such as Mercedes, Qualcomm, Bosch and KPIT Technologies through its latest internet of things (IoT) centre in Hyderabad. The centre will mainly drive innovation across its operating systems division QNX and in-vehicle software platform Ivy.
“We have a lot of partners in India with whom we can collaborate and co-innovate. Qualcomm is present here and we also work with Bosch and KPIT Technologies, which are present here in multiple locations who build embedded applications on QNX for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs),” said Raj Jain, vice president and head of the Hyderabad centre.

Elevate Your Tech Prowess with High-Value Skill Courses
Offering CollegeCourseWebsite
IIM Kozhikode	IIMK Advanced Data Science For Managers	Visit
MIT	MIT Technology Leadership and Innovation	Visit
Indian School of Business	ISB Product Management	Visit
The company will also work directly with OEMs and auto parts firms such as Mercedes and Aptiv who have their research and development (R&D) arms in India, Jain added.
The cybersecurity arm already has a presence in India with offices in Gurgaon and Bengaluru. It services enterprise clients like banks, financial services and governments.
The company estimates the number of IoT devices in 2025 to go up to 30.9 billion from 13.8 billion in 2021. It will hire around 100 engineers in India by the end of current calendar year for roles across cloud, embedded systems and product engineering.
The IoT arm clocked 23% revenue growth in the first half of 2022. Around 70% of its business hails from automobiles while rest is from other industries such as medical devices, robotics and heavy engineering.
Discover the stories of your interest
“Whether it is an EV or internal combustion engine, a lot of systems in the car are similar. There is still more software and safety features going to be in the car. This is surely an uplift for us,” John Wall, senior vice president and head of BlackBerry Technology Solutions, said when asked about the impact of EVs or autonomous driving on the business.
BlackBerry became globally famous for its mobile phones and pagers in the 2000s and was the top selling device maker in the US for many years. But it lost its pole position due to heavy competition in the smartphone market from Apple and Android. It has since then pivoted to cybersecurity and software offerings under the leadership of CEO John Chen who took over in 2013.
Stay on top of technology and startup news that matters. Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest and must-read tech news, delivered straight to your inbox.

Latest analytics predicted IoT devices will see increasing growth by 18% to 14.4 billion in 2023, and by 2025, this could increase to 27 billion connected IoT devices. One of the trends in 2023 that will enable this growth is the increased replacement of 2G/3G wireless networks with 4G/5G networks.
By seamlessly merging the physical and digital realms, IoT has the potential to enhance efficiency, convenience, and insights across various domains, revolutionising how we interact with our environment and harness data-driven decision-making.
However, as this intricate web of connectivity grows, it also brings to the fore challenges related to security, privacy, and the responsible management of the vast amounts of data generated.
As IoT continues to evolve, its impact on industries, homes, and society at large is undeniable, shaping a future where interconnectedness and intelligence converge to reshape the way we live and work.
The Internet of Things (IoT) is a network of physical objects, gadgets, cars, buildings, and other things that are equipped with connectivity, software, and sensors to collect and exchange data online.
These things’ ability to connect with one another and with people thanks to the IoT opens up possibilities for automation, optimisation, and new services.
Smart household appliances, wearable fitness trackers, self-driving automobiles, and industrial sensors are a few examples of IoT gadgets. IoT has a wide range of possible uses, including enhancing energy efficiency, transportation, and many other industries.
Topics covered in this article.
1. How does IoT work?
2. The applications of IoT
3. Why dies IoT matter and how it can improve your life?
4. What is IIoT (Industrial Internet of Things)?
5. What are some of the challenges in IoT?
6. What are some of the risks of IoT?
1. How does IoT – The (Internet of Things) work?
IoT works by connecting physical devices, sensors, and objects to the internet, allowing them to send and receive data. These devices are embedded with sensors, software, and communication technology that allow them to communicate with each other and with the internet.
IoT works by connecting devices and objects to the internet, allowing them to gather and share data and perform actions based on that data.
Once connected, Internet of Things (IoT) devices have the capacity to collect environmental data, encompassing factors like temperature, humidity, and location. The data is then transmitted to a central system for comprehensive analysis, enabling the initiation of subsequent actions, such as activating a light source or regulating temperature settings.
Addtionally, these IoT devices possess the capability to receive directives from a central system, often facilitated through a user’s smartphone. A prime example includes a user employing their smartphone to illuminate a smart light bulb or unlock a smart lock, showcasing the responsiveness inherent in IoT applications.
The functioning of IoT hinges on a diverse range of technologies including Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and cellular networks, which facilitate the connection of devices to the internet. This framework also heavily relies on cloud computing and advanced analytics for the storage and processing of the copious amounts of data generated by IoT devices.
2. IoT Applications (Internet of Things)
The Internet of Things (IoT) boasts a vast spectrum of applications that span across numerous industries and diverse use cases.
This interconnected network of physical devices, vehicles, buildings, and other items embedded with sensors, software, and connectivity capabilities has revolutionized the way industries operate and has transformed everyday life.
From manufacturing and healthcare to agriculture and smart cities, IoT technologies are driving innovation, efficiency, and convenience in unprecedented ways. Here are some examples of IoT applications:
Smart homes – IoT devices can be used to automate and control home appliances and systems, such as smart thermostats, smart lighting, and security systems.
Wearables – IoT devices can be worn on the body to track fitness and health, such as smartwatches, fitness trackers, and medical devices.
Industrial automation – IoT devices can be used in manufacturing and industrial settings to optimize processes, reduce downtime, and improve efficiency.
Agriculture – IoT devices can be used in farming and agriculture to monitor soil quality, crop growth, and weather patterns, as well as optimize water and fertilizer usage.
Smart cities – IoT devices can be used to monitor and manage city infrastructure and services, such as traffic monitoring systems and smart parking meters.
Healthcare – IoT devices can be used in healthcare settings to monitor patient health, deliver medication, and improve patient outcomes.
Transportation – IoT devices can be used to track and monitor vehicles, optimize routes and schedules, and improve safety.
Energy management – IoT devices can be used to monitor energy usage, optimize energy consumption, and reduce waste.
IoT has numerous applications across various industries and use cases, offering the potential to improve efficiency, reduce costs, and enhance business productivity.
3. Why Does IoT matter and how IoT can improve our life?
IoT can improve our lives in many ways, both big and small. Here are some examples of how IoT can make a positive impact:
Health and wellness – Wearable fitness trackers and medical devices can help individuals monitor their health and make informed decisions about their lifestyle.
Home automation – Smart home devices can help automate tasks, such as turning off lights and adjusting thermostats, to save energy and make our lives more convenient.
Safety and security – IoT devices can be used to monitor homes and environments for potential hazards, such as smoke detectors and security cameras.
Transportation – Connected cars and smart traffic systems can help reduce traffic congestion and accidents, making our commutes safer and more efficient.
Environmental sustainability – IoT devices can be used to monitor and reduce energy usage, optimize water consumption, and improve waste management.
Accessibility – IoT devices can provide greater accessibility for people with disabilities, such as smart home devices that can be controlled by voice commands.
Personalisation – IoT devices can learn and adapt to our preferences and behaviors, providing personalised experiences and making our lives more comfortable and enjoyable.
IoT matters because it has the potential to improve our lives and transform industries in many ways.
4. What is IIoT (Industrial Internet of Things)?
Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) is the term used to describe the application of IoT technology in several industrial sectors, including manufacturing, energy, transportation, and agriculture.
IIoT gathers and analyses data from industrial processes and equipment using sensors, hardware, and software. Then, with the use of this information, operations can be improved, efficiency increased, expenses decreased, and safety increased.
For example, in a manufacturing plant, IIoT sensors can be used to monitor equipment performance and detect issues before they lead to downtime or breakdowns.
In the energy sector, IIoT devices can be used to monitor power usage and optimize energy consumption. In transportation, IIoT technology can be used to track and monitor vehicles, as well as optimize routes and schedules.
IIoT has the potential to revolutionize industrial processes and improve overall productivity and profitability. By leveraging real-time data and analytics, IIoT can help companies identify opportunities for improvement and make data-driven decisions.
5. What are some the challenges in IoT?
While the Internet of Things (IoT) presents a plethora of advantages, it is not without its share of hurdles and complexities. Navigating through these challenges is crucial for realising the full potential of IoT technology. Here, we highlight some of the pivotal challenges that the realm of IoT encounters:
Security – IoT devices often lack adequate security measures, making them vulnerable to cyber attacks and data breaches.
Privacy – IoT devices collecting and using personal data can raise privacy concerns, particularly if the data is used without the user’s knowledge or consent.
Interoperability – IoT devices are often developed by different manufacturers and may use different protocols and standards, making it difficult for them to work together seamlessly.
Scalability – As the number of connected devices grows, managing and scaling IoT systems becomes increasingly complex and challenging.
Power and energy – Many IoT devices are battery-powered, which can limit their functionality and lifespan. Energy-efficient solutions are needed to address this challenge.
Data management – The massive amount of data generated by IoT devices can be difficult to manage and analyze, requiring advanced data management and analytics tools.
Cost of devices – IoT devices can be expensive to develop and deploy, making it challenging for smaller companies and organizations to adopt IoT solutions.
Addressing these challenges will require collaboration between industry, government, and academia to develop and implement best practices and standards for IoT security, privacy, and interoperability.
6. What are some of the risks of IoT?
Interoperability – IoT devices from different manufacturers may use different protocols and standards, making it difficult for them to work together seamlessly and posing compatibility risks.
Complexity – The complexity of IoT systems can make them challenging to manage and secure, requiring specialised skills and expertise.
Legal and regulatory – The rapid growth of IoT has outpaced the development of legal and regulatory frameworks to govern its use, raising issues around liability, accountability, and consumer protection.
To reduce these risks, organisations and individuals must implement best practices for IoT security, privacy, and safety. This includes using strong passwords, encrypting data, keeping software up to date, and regularly auditing IoT systems.
It also requires collaboration between industry and government to develop and implement standards and regulations to ensure the safe and responsible use of IoT.
IoT Revenue & Market Growth
The IoT industry is expected to be worth over $1 trillion by 2024 (Global Data) IoT market in 2022 is currently worth an approximate of $800 billion. It is expected to grow atleast $1 trillion at a 13% CAGR in 2024.
Below are the top segments which contributed in IoT by revenue in 2022 where Consumer media topped $100 billion of revenue in 2022
List Of Top – The Internet Of Things (IoT) Companies
Below are some of the most popular IoT Software Solutions and Services Companies worldwide.
iTechArt (New York, US)
Oxagile (New York, US)
SumatoSoft (USA & Europe)
Innowise Group (Warsaw, Poland)
Style Lab IoT Software Company (San Francisco, CA)
HQ Software Industrial IoT Company (USA & Europe)
PTC (Boston, Massachusetts)
Cisco (San Jose, CA)
ARM IoT Security Company (Cambridge, Cambs)
Huawei (Shenzhen, Guangdong)
GE Digital (San Ramon, California)
Bosch IoT Sensor Company (Farmington Hills, MI)
SAP (Walldorf, Germany)
Siemens IoT Analytics Company (Berlin and Munich, Germany)
IBM (New York, U.S.)
Andersen Inc. (New York, U.S.)
ScienceSoft (USA & Europe)
DICEUS (USA & Europe)
Top Growth Opportunities for IoT in 2023
In the realm of the Internet of Things (IoT), the present landscape and upcoming developments are noteworthy.
Current IoT Landscape
As per Frost & Sullivan’s estimations, the global count of IoT devices reached a staggering 35.37 billion in 2022. Notably, more than 51% of these connections were dedicated to applications in building automation, security, and surveillance.
The remaining connections were dispersed across various sectors, encompassing factory automation, industrial applications, portable asset tracking, and fixed-asset monitoring.
Anticipating IoT Growth (Beyond 2023):
In 2023, a projection of 41.76 billion active IoT-connected devices worldwide has been established. This envisaged surge signals an 18% increase in connections compared to the previous year. Frost & Sullivan’s insights point toward several significant factors propelling this growth.
These factors encompass the swift advancement of automation processes, persistent corporate digital transformation initiatives, the recuperation of value chains following the economic aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the widespread deployment of 5G connectivity networks.
Prominent Applications Driving IoT Adoption:
In the expansive IoT landscape, security and surveillance applications are asserting their dominance. Notably, IT decision-makers on a global scale are increasingly embracing IoT technologies to fortify security measures aimed at safeguarding critical assets across diverse industries.
The implementation of IoT-driven intelligent security systems holds the promise of enhancing safety by identifying individuals and objects entering and exiting buildings. Additionally, these systems monitor facility status and efficiently transmit security alerts and emergency responses.
Moreover, the integration of edge computing and artificial intelligence (AI) is swiftly becoming indispensable for surveillance systems. This integration facilitates real-time image monitoring and streamlined data processing, augmenting the effectiveness of surveillance endeavors.
IoT’s Varied Impact Across Industries:
In the year 2023, the adoption of industrial IoT strategies and solutions will gather momentum, aimed at optimising operations, boosting productivity, elevating product quality, and curbing expenses within organisations.
Simultaneously, the ascent of digital twins within the Industry 4.0 framework will be fueled by data analytics and IoT technologies, enabling applications like predictive maintenance and fault identification.
Driving Innovation in Industrial Automation:
IoT’s influence extends to automating manual processes while also enriching customer experiences. For instance, electric vehicles equipped with advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) will respond automatically through IoT triggers, enhancing overall safety.
This landscape incorporates emerging technologies like 5G, edge computing, and smart tire sensors, which work collaboratively to detect risks and prevent collisions.
IoT’s Role in Immersive Experiences:
As the demand for immersive encounters escalates, technology providers are set to explore new revenue avenues. The year 2023 will witness a heightened requirement for 5G networks and edge computing to empower dynamic augmented reality (AR) and mixed reality (MR) experiences with ultra-low latency. Industries like education are embracing these technologies for novel applications.
In the metaverse domain, IoT’s significance comes to the fore, enabling interaction between the real and virtual worlds. This necessitates IoT providers to gear up with software, sensors, and devices tailored for metaverse integration, thereby contributing to a more immersive reality.
Frontiers of Innovation with Multi-Access Edge Computing:
The global multi-access edge computing (MEC) market is on an upward trajectory as telecom operators and cloud providers deploy commercial services at scale. The synergy of 5G and MEC reduces latency and increases capacity, positioning computing power closer to end-users for novel applications.
Projections indicate that edge computing will generate $3.71 billion in revenue in 2023, marking a remarkable 172% growth from the preceding year. This is spurred by the demand for local data storage and real-time processing, crucial for latency-sensitive applications like AR, MR, extended reality (XR), digital twins (DT), and autonomous vehicles.
IoT Trends Across Industries:
In 2023, IoT’s reach extends to promoting sustainability, facilitating digital payments, and driving growth in low-power wide-area networks (LPWANs).
CEOs harness connected devices to gather and analyse data on environmental factors, fostering eco-conscious business practices. Moreover, IoT sensors remotely monitor various operational and environmental parameters, spanning traffic flow, pollution levels, energy consumption, and more.
Industries such as utilities, agriculture, and supply chains embrace large-scale IoT projects bolstered by LPWANs. In the evolving landscape of 2023 and beyond, a synergistic approach emerges, combining LPWAN technologies (cellular and proprietary) with other IoT solutions, including satellite connectivity, fostering innovative and holistic solutions.
10 Top IoT Trends For 2023
Here are 10 Top IoT (Internet of Things) trends that have been prominent and continue to shape the landscape:
Edge Computing: IoT devices are generating vast amounts of data, and edge computing involves processing this data closer to the source, reducing latency and improving real-time decision-making.
5G Integration: The rollout of 5G networks enables faster and more reliable communication between IoT devices, unlocking new possibilities for applications that require high bandwidth and low latency.
AI and Machine Learning Integration: AI and ML are being integrated into IoT systems to analyze and interpret data, enabling predictive maintenance, anomaly detection, and more advanced automation.
Security Enhancements: As the number of connected devices grows, so does the potential attack surface. IoT security is evolving with features like device authentication, encryption, and secure firmware updates.
Smart Cities: The concept of smart cities involves using IoT to manage urban services more efficiently, such as traffic control, waste management, energy consumption, and public safety.
Healthcare IoT: IoT is transforming healthcare with applications like remote patient monitoring, wearable health devices, and smart medical equipment for improved patient care and management.
Industrial IoT (IIoT): In industries like manufacturing, IIoT is being used for predictive maintenance, supply chain optimization, and overall operational efficiency improvements.
Environmental Monitoring: IoT devices are being deployed for environmental monitoring, helping to track pollution levels, climate changes, and wildlife conservation efforts.
Retail and Customer Experience: IoT is enhancing retail through connected shelves, personalised shopping experiences, and improved inventory management.
Agriculture IoT (AgriTech): IoT is revolutionizing agriculture with precision farming techniques, where sensors and data analysis optimize crop yield, manage irrigation, and monitor livestock.
The Transformative Impact of IoT On Businesses
Few innovations have left a profound an impact on businesses IoT. The result has been a paradigm shift, redefining business operations across industries and offering unprecedented opportunities for growth, efficiency, and innovation.
Enhanced Data-driven Decision Making
At the heart of IoT’s influence on businesses lies its ability to generate copious amounts of real-time data. This treasure trove of information enables companies to make more informed and timely decisions.
By collecting data from various sources such as customer behaviors, production processes, and supply chain logistics, businesses can gain insights that were previously inaccessible.
Operational Efficiency and Cost Savings
IoT’s integration into business processes has streamlined operations and ushered in new levels of efficiency. Connected devices allow for remote monitoring and predictive maintenance of machinery, reducing downtime and minimising maintenance costs.
Manufacturing plants equipped with IoT sensors can optimize production by identifying bottlenecks in real-time and adjusting workflows accordingly.
Personalised Customer Experiences
IoT has redefined customer engagement by enabling businesses to offer tailored experiences. With data gathered from connected devices, companies can better understand their customers’ preferences and behaviors, leading to personalised recommendations and offerings
Supply Chain Management and Logistics
IoT has revolutionized supply chain management, allowing companies to monitor the movement of goods throughout the entire logistics process. Sensors embedded in shipments provide real-time updates on location, temperature, humidity, and other critical variables.
The data not only enhances transparency but also enables swift interventions in case of deviations from the desired conditions, safeguarding the quality of products in transit.
New Business Models and Revenue Streams
The advent of IoT has opened doors to novel business models and revenue streams. Companies can now offer their products as services, capitalizing on IoT’s capabilities.
For instance, instead of selling a product outright, manufacturers can provide it as a service, charging customers based on usage. The shift to a subscription-based model fosters long-term relationships with clients and generates recurring revenue.
The Trajectory of IoT Adoption
As we cast our gaze forward, the path of IoT adoption stretches ahead with unwavering promise. Forecasts from experts illuminate a compelling vision: the year 2025 is poised to witness a staggering surge, surpassing a monumental milestone of 25 billion active IoT endpoints.
This numerical testament underscores the imminent reality of a world that is not just connected, but profoundly data-centric, revolutionising the way we interact with technology and the environment around us.
Yet, this journey of evolution remains far from static. The future of IoT is poised to be interlaced with remarkable advancements in complementary technologies, fueling an exponential growth trajectory.
The symphony of these technologies, including artificial intelligence (AI), edge computing, and blockchain, is set to amplify the potential of IoT in unprecedented ways.
The Road Ahead For IoT
The journey of IoT in the business world is far from over. As technology continues to evolve, businesses will need to adapt, innovate, and collaborate to harness IoT’s potential fully.
Governments and regulatory bodies will play a role in establishing frameworks that ensure data privacy and security while encouraging innovation.
Overall, the future of IoT looks very promising, brimming with substantial prospects for fostering innovation, fostering economic expansion, and bestowing noteworthy social advantages.
Nonetheless, it is imperative to recognise that the road ahead is not devoid of obstacles. Effectively grappling with the multifaceted challenges and potential risks intertwined with the IoT landscape will undoubtedly emerge as a pivotal determinant in shaping the trajectory of this technology.
By proactively addressing issues such as data privacy, cybersecurity vulnerabilities, interoperability hurdles, and the ethical implications of widespread connectivity, we can pave the way for a future where IoT stands as a testament to safe, conscientious, and advantageous technological advancement.
In the ongoing evolution towards interconnected cities, the prevalence of digital payments is poised to surge, with IoT taking center stage in this transformation. The expansion of IoT-based payments, encompassing transactions facilitated by internet-connected devices operating with a degree of autonomy, is set to span a multitude of industry domains.
The adoption of digital advancements, such as IoT sensors, AI algorithms, visual computing, machine learning (ML), and networking solutions, will witness a notable rise.
Retailers will increasingly integrate contactless technologies, self-checkout systems, and even cashierless setups, driving the popularity of these digital technologies further.
As companies continue to embrace and invest in IoT, they position themselves at the forefront of a new era of connectivity and efficiency. The future promises exciting possibilities as IoT reshapes industries and propels businesses toward unparalleled growth and success.

Home > Reports & Databases > IoT Connectivity & Hardware > IoT Chipset & IoT Module Trends Report 2023
The 158-page report offers a detailed examination of the most recent advancements in the field of IoT chipsets and IoT connectivity modules. It discusses 54 trends, including global semiconductor mega trends, and more.
N
Published: September 2023
N
Main author: Satyajit Sinha
(see all)
Product Details
From $2,000.00
→ Buy now · See pricing
About the report
The IoT Chipset and IoT Module Trends Report 2023 is part of IoT Analytics’ coverage of IoT hardware and connectivity. The 54 trends presented in this report are based on a combination of primary research, including surveys and interviews with 25+ industry experts from IoT chipset and IoT module vendors and end users conducted between January 2023 and August 2023, as well as secondary research. The report discusses chip and module related developments of 120+ companies.
The primary objective of this document is to provide our readers with a comprehensive understanding of the current IoT module and chipset trends, offering valuable insights to facilitate informed decision-making and strategic planning.
Table of Contents
IoT Chipset & IoT Module Trends Report 2023 (PDF)
Executive summary
2. Introduction
3. Global semiconductor mega trends
4. IoT chip design trends
5. IoT chip technology trends
5.1 IoT processors
5.2 IoT (wireless) connectivity chips
5.3 IoT AI chips
5.4 IoT security chips
6. IoT end-use trends
6.1 OT/automation infrastructure
6.2 Cellular network infrastructure
6.3 Other industries
7. Adjacent hardware trends
7.1 IoT sensors
7.2 IoT gateways
8. Relevant definitions and other relevant information
About IoT Analytics
Questions answered
How has the semiconductor market grown and transformed in recent years?
What partnerships, collaborations, or investments are driving technological advancement in the semiconductor industry?
What are the main semiconductor megatrends?
What are the latest IoT processor trends?
What are the latest IoT chip design trends?
What are the latest IoT wireless connectivity chipset and module trends?
What are the latest IoT AI chip trends?
What are the latest IoT security chip trends?
What are the latest IoT end-use trends in industrial automation and telecommunications with chip-relevance?
What are the latest adjacent hardware trends in sensors and gateways?
Related reading
The research blog article “Top 10 IoT semiconductor design and technology trends” is derived from this report.
Companies mentioned
A selection of companies mentioned in the report.
AMD
ARM
Bosch
Cisco
Google
Infineon
Intel
Microsoft
Nokia
Nvidia
Qualcomm
Renesas
SEMTECH
STMicroelectronics
Samsung
Siemens
Sony
TSMC
Telit Cinterion
Thales
Our insights are trusted by global industry leaders
Single User License
$2,000/158 page PDF
1 named user within a particular department and country
Complete trend report in PDF
Complete trend report in PPTX
1 hour discussion with the analyst team
Team User License
$2,500/158 page PDF
1–5 named users within a particular department and country
Complete trend report in PDF
Complete trend report in PPTX
1 hour discussion with the analyst team
Enterprise Premium License
$4,000/158 page PDF, PPTX
Report may be distributed to all employees of the enterprise
Complete trend report in PDF
Complete trend report in PPTX
1 hour discussion with the analyst team
Get your free sample
Download a sample to learn more about:
Report structure
Companies included
Definitions
Methodology
Additional data points
Company email address
Phone
Which specific insights are you interested in?
IMPORTANT: Please tick the box prior to sending your request. All fields are required.
I agree that IoT Analytics GmbH may process my information to contact me and notify me of future research updates in accordance with its privacy statement.
Any questions?
Get in touch with us easily. We are happy to help!

About the report
The Hannover Messe 2023—the latest Industrial IoT/Industry 4.0 trends event report contains a comprehensive summary of the 10 main themes, 32 in-depth insights with detailed explanations and several vendor and booth comparisons as assembled by the IoT Analytics analyst team at Hannover Fair 2023. These insights are based on >300 booth visits, >200 individual interviews, and attendance of many individual presentations. 16 team members were present for a combined total of 36 days.
The main purpose of this document is for our readers to keep up with the latest Industrial IoT developments and to stay ahead of the tidal changes in current market trends.
Table of Contents
Hannover Messe 2023—the latest Industrial IoT/Industry 4.0 trends (PDF)
Overview
Summary and key highlights
Vendor comparisons
a) Hyperscalers
b) Automation vendors
c) Industrial metaverse approaches
d) Carbon footprint tracking tools
32 key insights
a) General
a) Hyperscalers
b) Industrial software, platforms, and cloud
c) Data/AI
d) OT software and hardware
e) Connectivity
f) Applications
g) Other
Booth layout analysis
Appendix
Authors
Fernando Brügge, Mohammad Hasan, Matthieu Kulezak, Knud Lasse Lueth, Eugenio Pasqua, Satyajit Sinha, Philipp Wegner, Kalpesh Baviskar, Anand Taparia, Christine Pratama, Justina-Alexandra Sava
Related reading
Companies mentioned
A selection of companies mentioned in the report.
ABB
AI Omatic
AWS
Accenture
Advantech
Akebono Brake Astra Indonesia
Aleph Alpha
Ansys
Astra Otoparts Tbk
Atlas Copco
Attained.ai
Audi
Autodesk
Aveva
BCG
Bain & Company
Bausch+Ströbel
Beckhoff
BlackBerry
Bosch Rexroth
CADENAS
CLAAS
Capgemini
China Mobile
Cisco
Cognite
CoreTigo
Crosser
Dassault Systèmes
Deloitte
Dobot
Duvenbeck
Dürr
Element
Emerson
Ericsson
Eurotech
Festo
Fraunhofer
General Electric
Google
HARTING
HARTONO ISTANA TEKNOLOGI
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Hexagon
HighByte
I-care
igus
Industrie Informatik
IndustryApps
Infosys
Intel
Jingye Group
KPMG
Litmus Automation
Logiccloud AG
Matterport
Mechmine
Mendix
Microsoft
Mittelstand-Digital Zentrum Ruhr-OWL
Motion Miners
NTT DATA
NVIDIA
Nokia
Omron
PROFIBUS and PROFINET International (PI)
PSI
PTC
PWC
Pepperl + Fuchs
Phoenix Contact
Planet Technology Corporation
Prosys
Qualcomm
Reply
Rockwell Automation
SAP
SICK
Schmitz Cargobull
Schneider Electric
Siasun Robotics
Siemens
Smart Factory KL
Snowflake
Sony
tx One networks
VMware
Verizon
Vokswagen
WAGO
WIKA
Weidmueller
Yokogawa
it’s OWL

In short
The semiconductor market saw its first market growth since 2021 amid continued trade tensions, slow economic growth, and chip shortages. IoT continues to gain importance.
10 trends from the IoT Chipset and IoT Module Trends Report 2023 showcase IoT adopter demands and how semiconductor OEMs/ODMs are addressing them.
Why it matters
For IoT vendors: In a highly dynamic market, IoT chip companies must stay on top of their game to continue to be cutting edge (e.g., to enable smaller, more efficient, and more powerful IoT devices).
For IoT device/equipment makers: IoT chip innovations lead not only to new market opportunities (e.g., with AI, new connectivity, and more power-efficiency) but also to new challenges that need to be mitigated (e.g., heat dissipation).
IoT semiconductor technology is advancing amid a complicated semiconductor market environment
Despite continued trade tensions, slow economic growth, and chip shortages, the semiconductor market saw subtle signs of recovery from Q1’23 to Q2’23. Q2’23 was the first positive change since Q4’21—6.7% market growth quarter-over-quarter.
A number of general trends are currently driving the market back up, including:
The growing demand for AI chipsets
The need for greater, even global, IoT connectivity that is modular and scalable
The desire to move data analysis and storage closer to the edge
The drive for smaller chip design with efficient cooling
Amid this complicated market, the IoT revenue share for major semiconductor companies has generally increased in recent years and, for many large chip companies, is now bigger than 10%, in some cases even bigger than 20% of their revenue. The latest IoT Analytics’ IoT Chipset and IoT Module Trends Report 2023 report provides numerous examples of individual IoT trends that can be observed in the current market environment. While we cannot capture all of them in one article, we will showcase 10 of the 54 IoT semiconductor trends from the report here, along with a selection of examples for each.
1. Usage of chiplet-based architectures for IoT devices
Semiconductor chip OEMs/ODMs are adopting chiplet-based architectures. Chiplets are a design concept that enables multiple chips with different process node sizes to be used in a single package. This design allows for rapid prototyping and a shorter time to market, all with reduced production costs. Chiplets are ideal for IoT devices with varying complexity, from disposable RFID tags to advanced driver assistance systems integrating sensors, AI chips, processing, memory, and connectivity.
Example:
In November 2022, AMD unveiled the Radeon RX 7900 XTX and Radeon RX 7900 XT graphics cards. These cutting-edge cards utilize AMD’s next-gen RDNA 3 architecture, featuring a chiplet design that combines 5nm and 6nm process nodes with up to 54% more performance per watt and 2.7x higher AI performance than RDNA 2.
AMD’s next-gen RDNA 3 architecture. Image source: Kitguru.
2. Increasing adoption of RISC-V in IoT chip design
Many IoT device companies are turning to the open standard instruction set architecture RISC-V when designing chips. RISC-V is energy efficient and customizable, and it is known to be secure due to its transparent, open-source nature, and ISA conformity. Its modular design allows for efficient resource utilization, which can be cost-effective for different IoT deployments.
Example:
On 4 August 2023, a group of major semiconductor industry players, including Robert Bosch GmbH, Infineon Technologies AG, Nordic Semiconductor, NXP Semiconductors, and Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., joined forces to invest in a new company aimed at promoting the adoption of RISC-V architecture. The intent is to speed up the development and commercialization of innovative products based on RISC-V, and it will serve as a single source for RISC-V-based products, reference architectures, and solutions that can be used in the semiconductor industry.
3. Incorporation of cooling techniques in chip/PCB design for smaller node chips
There is a general trend of reducing the size of chips, aiming toward form factors as small as 3nm and 2nm, and this trend is expected to drive IoT and general AI chip development. With this trend comes three distinct issues:
Increased power density: Smaller, advanced chips have higher power density and generate more heat due to increased circuitry in a smaller area.
Reduced surface area for heat dissipation: Smaller form factors generally mean less surface area is available for heat dissipation, making it more challenging to dissipate heat efficiently.
Thermal resistance: Smaller form factors can also result in higher thermal resistance within the chip itself. As the chip shrinks, there is less space for heat to spread and dissipate, leading to increased thermal resistance.
To mitigate these challenges, semiconductor companies are developing and employing several cooling technologies to manage and help dissipate heat generation during operation, including the following: heat sinks, fans and blowers, liquid cooling, vapor chambers, phase change cooling, and thermoelectric cooling.
Example:
In its iEP-5000G Series of industrial IoT controllers, Asrock utilizes copper heat pipes to solve the heat dissipation issue. A heat pipe is a tubular device embedded beneath the PCB, circulated all around the PCB areas where the temperature rises beyond the required limit. Asrock includes both heat fins on the casing and internal heat pipes of the iEP-5000G.
4. IoT processor innovation is focusing on an energy-efficient future
As processors advance in their performance, connectivity, and compactness, so too has the demand for energy efficiency. Due to this demand, ultra-low-power MCU-based SoCs are on the rise. Companies are leveraging innovative power-saving methods to extend battery life and optimize performance.
Examples:
In March 2023, STMicroelectronics announced STM32WBA52, combining Bluetooth LE (BLE) 5.3 connectivity with ultra-low-power modes, ARM PSA-certified level 3 and SESIP3 security, and a broad selection of peripherals for developers. It is boosted by an ARM Cortex-M33 core operating at 100 MHz for extra computing power. STM32WBA52 MCUs feature ST’s low-power DMA and flexible power-saving states with fast wake-up times. According to STMicroelectronics’ announcement, these features can cut MCU power by up to 90%.
Also in March 2023, Onsemi introduced the NCV-RSL15, an automotive-grade wireless microcontroller. One notable achievement of the NCV-RSL15 is its certification by the EEMBC as the industry’s lowest power-secure wireless microcontroller. To minimize power consumption, the NCV-RSL15 incorporates a proprietary smart sense power mode and can operate at as low as 36 nA. This microcontroller stands out due to its BLE connectivity, specifically tailored for various applications such as smart vehicle access, tire pressure monitoring systems (or TPMS), and seat belt detection.
5. Enhanced cellular and satellite connectivity for streamlined operations and global coverage
5G Reduced Capability (RedCap), or 5G NR-Light, was introduced in 3GPP Release 17 as a new specification for IoT use cases requiring mid-tier IoT connectivity. 5G RedCap is an enhancement of current 5G technology, not a lighter version of 5G. It offers a balance of throughput, battery life, complexity, and IoT device density.
Currently, mid-tier IoT devices rely on LTE Cat-4 for wide-area wireless connectivity and mobility. 5G RedCap will be directly competing with LTE Cat-4 for such mid-tier cases, as it operates on a similar bandwidth of 20 MHz and offers similar throughputs of 150 and 50 Mbps in the downlink and uplink, respectively. LTE Cat-4, being a previous generation of technology, will have a relatively shorter life span for network support, while 5G RedCap, being the next generation technology, will have a longer life span.
Further, the IoT device market is witnessing the emergence of advanced connectivity solutions that combine satellite and cellular technologies, paving the way for global coverage and connectivity for IoT applications. These applications can transcend the limitations of terrestrial networks and expand the reach of IoT devices globally.
Examples:
In March 2023, Fibocom announced the global launch of the new RedCap module series FG132-NA. These modules offer improved energy efficiency, expanded IoT scenario diversity, and support both 5G SA and backward compatibility with LTE Cat 4 networks. With up to 220 Mbps downlink speed and 100 Mbps uplink speed, they ensure reliable network performance for various applications such as manufacturing factories, IPC, and smart grids.
Additionally, Fibocom announced the non-terrestrial networks module MA510-GL (NTN) at MWC Shanghai 2023 in July 2023. This module, powered by the Qualcomm 9205S modem and 3GPP Release 17 compliant, is designed to meet the needs of the global IoT market and enables the use of highly resilient GEO satellite communication and cellular connectivity.
In March 2023, Fibocom announced the global launch of the new RedCap module series FG132-NA. Image source: Fibocom.
6. Rising integration of AI chipsets in edge devices
The demand for real-time data analytics and data privacy is rapidly growing as businesses continually look for ways to make better decisions faster and securely. This demand has driven development of new edge devices with powerful chipsets enabling AI applications to run locally without having to send data to the cloud. Localized AI processing reduces latency, enabling rapid decision-making, and secures data since it is not transmitted outside of the premises.
Example:
At Hannover Messe 2023, Advantech showcased three industrial AI platforms, each based on different Nvidia GPUs:
MIC-733-AO, based on Nvidia Jetson AGX Orin
MIC-711-OX, based on Nvidia Jetson Orin NX
MIC-711-OA, based on Nvidia Jetson Orin Nano
The GPUs have different performance levels, with the Jetson AGX Orin being the most powerful and the Jetson Orin Nano being entry level. Nvidia Jetson AGX Orin SoM is based on the Ampere architecture GPU and ARM Cortex-A78AE CPU. Jetson AGX Orin 64GB has 2048 CUDA cores and 64 tensor cores with up to 170 Sparse TOPs of INT8 Tensor compute and up to 5.3 FP32 TFLOPs of CUDA compute. NVIDIA Jetson Orin modules offer up to 275 trillion operations per second (TOPS) and 8x improvement in the performance compared to last generation GPUs for multiple concurrent AI inference pipelines.
7. Increasing processing power in local industrial hardware solutions
Several industrial automation vendors recently upgraded their hardware, such as IPCs, with faster chipsets and functionalities. These upgrades enable industrial hardware to store and analyze data locally, and IPCs with multicore support can software-based PLCs. Examples of new chip technology in 2023 include Intel’s i9 processors (Raptor Lake) and Nvidia’s Jetson AGX.
Driving this move are four customer needs factors:
Moving some software applications from the cloud to the edge
Faster data processing and analysis
Handling multiple connections and translating multiple protocols as companies retrofit older assets that use varying protocols
More control over the data collected from company sensor networks, along with storage and retrieval of the data on-premises
Example:
In November 2022, Beckhoff announced a new addition to its C60XX family of IPCs, C6040, which came with several new features. The device is based on Intel’s new Raptor Lake technology, which allows for better caching—thus, much better real-time functionality. Soon after, in March 2023, Beckhoff highlighted its further-enhanced C6043 IPC, which includes Nvidia’s RTX A4500 GPU for AI acceleration.
8. Adoption of Raspberry Pis and Arduinos-based chipsets in IoT gateways
Aligning with the trend of more processing power in local industrial hardware solutions, IoT gateway manufacturers are adopting Raspberry Pis and Arduino-based systems into their devices. Originally used for prototyping, these devices have found their way into marketed industrial IoT gateway solutions due to their affordability, availability, and large community support (largely made up of developers and enthusiasts). Further, these systems offer various connectivity options, like WiFi, ethernet, and Bluetooth, which are essential for IoT gateways.
Example:
In January 2023, Artila Electronic announced Matrix-310, an Espressif ESP32-based industrial IoT gateway using the Xtensa dual-core 32-bit LX6 processor, providing up to 240 MHz of frequency. Users can use the Arduino IDE to program and develop applications for the Matric-310 by installing the ESP32 Arduino core via Arduino’s board manager. Arduino IDE supports FreeRTOS, an open-source real-time operating system, which can be used to manage multiple tasks on an ESP32 board.
9. Increasing use of RAN accelerators is driving adoption of Open RAN/vRAN architectures for cellular communications infrastructure
As communications service providers continue to roll out 5G globally—and look at the future roll out of 6G technology around 2030—they are gaining interest in open, flexible, virtual, and programmable radio access network (RAN) infrastructure for better performance, scalability, and cost savings. Helping to drive RAN performance are RAN accelerators, which are customized hardware components or software modules designed to enhance RAN performance. They can be based on FPGAs, GPUs, or ASICS, and they are used to offload processing tasks from general-purpose processors in the system.
Notable architectures to support RAN acceleration are Open RAN and virtualized RAN (vRAN):
Open RAN is an architecture that promotes the use of open interfaces and standards that enable a more modular and flexible network infrastructure, where components from different vendors can work seamlessly together.
vRAN is an architecture that implements network functions using virtualization technology, where various network functions are implemented as software running on general-purpose hardware platforms (like servers) rather than being executed on specialized, often proprietary, equipment.
A telecommunication operator may choose Open RAN to foster network heterogeneity, reduce vendor lock-in, and promote innovation through open interfaces and interoperable network elements. On the other hand, opting for vRAN can help in achieving greater network scalability, flexibility, and cost-efficiency by leveraging virtualization technology to implement RAN functions on general-purpose hardware platforms, potentially making network upgrades and maintenance more straightforward and economical.
Examples:
In February 2022, Dell showcased its Open RAN accelerator cardbased on a Marvell OCTEON CNF10S baseband processor. A year later, Dell also announced its collaboration with various industry leaders to enhance its open infrastructure for RAN environments. ​
In January 2023, Intel launched its newest 4th Gen Intel Xeon scalable processors featuring Intel vRAN Boost, a new chip designed to integrate vRAN acceleration for 5G and 4G directly on the Intel Xeon SoC. The processor has been optimized to improve the performance of packet and signal processing, load balancing, AI and machine learning, and power management implementation. As a result, custom Layer 1 accelerator cards are no longer required. By eliminating the need for an external accelerator card, CSPs can reduce the component requirements of their vRANs. This, in turn, leads to significant compute power savings, simplified solution design, and a reduction in the total cost of ownership for CSPs.
vRAN acceleration for 5G and 4G directly on the Intel Xeon SoC. Image source: hothardware.
10. Advances in chip-to-cloud security
As the number of connected devices continues to increase, so does the risk of cyberattacks and unauthorized access. IoT chip technology vendors are proactively incorporating security features into their products and adhering to industry-specific regulations and standards. One such set of standards is the IEC 62443 family of OT standards. Products bearing this certification must adhere to specific product development requirements from the early stages of design.
Example:
In March 2023, Eurotech announced that its ReliaGATE 10–14 multi-service IoT edge gateway is IEC 62443 compliant and is tested for component-level security in adherence with the following regulations:
IEC 62443-4-1, which defines the secure product development process
IEC 62443-4-2, which defines technical requirements for embedded devices network components, host components, and software applications
It is also PSA-certified Level 1 with a TPM 2.0 IC embedded on the PCB.
Additionally, as IoT Analytics has previously reported, eSIM and iSIM technologies are on the rise as more vendors are integrating these technologies to secure IoT devices that use cellular connections. These technologies incorporate embedded secure elements, providing advanced security features compared to traditional SIM cards. The embedded secure elements act as a hardware root of trust for asymmetric encryption, ensuring secure end-to-end communication.
What it means for IoT semiconductor companies
5 key questions IoT semiconductor vendors should ask themselves based on the trends found in this report:
Energy efficiency: Are we focusing on enhancing the energy efficiency of our processors, possibly drawing from advancements made by companies like STMicroelectronics and Onsemi and integrating ultra-low-power modes and innovative power-saving methods in our new chip designs?
Artificial intelligence: How are we positioning ourselves in the AI chip market, and what partnerships or acquisitions can fuel our growth in this segment?
RISC-V: How can our company expedite the transition to or incorporation of RISC-V architecture in our IoT chip designs to gain a competitive advantage?
Heat dissipation: As chip technologies move to 3nm and 2nm nodes, how are semiconductor companies planning to help customers address the thermal challenges associated with higher power density and reduced surface area for heat dissipation?
Chiplet architecture: Are we exploring the potential benefits of chiplet-based architectures for our customers’ IoT products, and how can we leverage it to reduce our production costs and time-to-market?
What it means for IoT semiconductor device/equipment makers
5 key questions IoT semiconductor device/equipment makers should ask themselves based on the trends found in this report:
New connectivity: Are we exploring opportunities in LTE Cat 1 bis and satellite connectivity to enhance the global coverage and connectivity of our IoT devices?
Heat dissipation: How are we optimizing our PCB designs to incorporate efficient heat dissipation methods?
Energy efficiency: How can the energy-efficient features in newly announced chips, such as STM32WBA52 and NCV-RSL15, be leveraged to enhance the performance and battery life of IoT devices?
Edge computing: How can we take advantage of faster chipsets to enhance data processing and analysis capabilities at the local level, and what are the potential benefits of moving software applications from the cloud to the edge?
Artificial intelligence: What AI capabilities do we need to add to our IoT devices to satisfy future customer demands related to AI inference at the edge?
More information and further reading
Are you interested in learning more about the IoT semiconductor market?
IoT Chipset & IoT Module Trends Report 2023
The 158-page report offers a detailed examination of the most recent advancements in the field of IoT chipsets and IoT connectivity modules. It discusses 54 trends, including global semiconductor mega trends, and more.
Already a subscriber?
Browse your reports here →
Related dashboard and trackers
You may also be interested in the following dashboards and trackers:
Global Cellular IoT Module and Chipset Market Tracker & Forecast
Global Cellular IoT Connectivity Tracker & Forecast
Global IoT eSIM Modules and iSIM Chipsets
Related publications
You may also be interested in the following reports:
IoT Gateway Market Report 2023–2027
Embedded World 2023—the Latest IoT Chipset and Edge Trends
MWC Barcelona 2023 Event Report
IoT Semiconductor Market Report 2020-2025
Related articles
You may also be interested in the following articles:
The vital role of industrial IoT gateways in bridging IT and OT
Global cellular IoT module market declined 6% in Q1 2023 in a weakening demand environment
State of IoT 2023: Number of connected IoT devices growing 16% to 16.7 billion globally
10 notable telco IoT trends—based on insights gathered in Q1 2023
Global IoT market size to grow 19% in 2023—IoT shows resilience despite economic downturn
The rise of the IoT semiconductor
Subscribe to our newsletter and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter to stay up-to-date on the latest trends shaping the IoT markets. For complete enterprise IoT coverage with access to all of IoT Analytics’ paid content & reports including dedicated analyst time check out Enterprise subscription.

At VMware Explore, in-person and virtual attendees were presented with various new product announcements and software enhancements. As attendees, we were lucky enough to witness it all. In addition, many vendor partners showcased their products to those interested. A fascinating topic is the direction of edge computing by companies like VMware. One of the vendors we were particularly interested in was Dell Technologies, as they never fail to impress. We wanted to learn more about their plans and how their strategy would work with VMware at the edge.
At VMware Explore, in-person and virtual attendees were presented with various new product announcements and software enhancements. As attendees, we were lucky enough to witness it all. In addition, many vendor partners showcased their products to those interested. A fascinating topic is the direction of edge computing by companies like VMware. One of the vendors at Explore we were particularly interested in was Dell Technologies, as they never fail to impress.
Below is a summary of what we learned from talking to Dell at Explore and then from a blog Alison Biers wrote a few days after Explore that further articulates Dell’s vision and strategy for the edge and their NativeEdge software platform which we covered a few months ago.
StorageReview has been covering edge computing for years. In fact, we published a piece in July 2022 that covered the start of our edge inferencing journey. There’s plenty of coverage on hardware, various vendors, and use cases if you are looking for more information.
Before getting into the details below is a quick primer on edge computing.
In simple terms, edge computing is a decentralized system that brings compute power closer to the action and where the data is generated.
Edge Nodes
Edge architecture first appeared at the end of the 20th century when it delivered video and web content to users. By using localized content delivery, content providers could overcome latency issues and bandwidth constraints typical of the nascent internet. As the internet matured and became more sophisticated, it could perform real-time data aggregation and ad selection and insert that into internet-delivered content. Since then, edge computing has morphed in many ways and is now used in various use cases.
Instead of being composed of a monolithic, centralized data center-focused computing environment, edge computing nodes are connected via the network to central computing and a data repository housed in public or private clouds.
Edge nodes come in all sizes, from small (smaller than a pack of gum) inexpensive, low-powered devices such as ARM SOC-based devices with minimal memory and storage;
To quad-core X64 systems with a high-powered GPU, lots of RAM and storage.
The use case dictates the size and power of edge nodes. A low-powered node may simply collect data, such as temperature or humidity, and perform one or more actions based on the localized data collected. That data can then be consolidated and returned to the cloud for storage and further analysis. Small nodes are not just confined to industrial applications; consumer devices such as smart watches, thermostats, and Internet of Things (IoT) appliances are considered edge devices.
The most common use of mid-size edge nodes is in retail environments as point-of-sale (PoS) devices. These can be registers at a check-out counter or handheld devices used in locations like boutique stores where sales associates can complete customer transactions almost anywhere there’s connectivity.
Larger edge nodes, used for more sophisticated data processing, are found at the edge. AI is one of the most exciting and widely discussed use cases for edge deployment. This scheme performs the AI learning activity in the cloud, and the inference is done on the edge nodes. For local nodes to perform inferences quickly, they need a sufficient amount of RAM and a powerful GPU. These powerful nodes deliver the necessary performance when dealing with security issues and threat assessments.
Edge Networking
The networking between the edge nodes and the cloud is as varied as the size and types of nodes. Some implementations pass the information over common broadband circuits. Users without wired access can use 5G networks, while those who pass large amounts of data or extremely sensitive data may choose to use a dark-fiber private network or SD-WAN.
It was apparent at VMware Explore that Dell (and other hardware vendors) see a bright future on the edge and are prepared to offer the technology to make it a reality for their customers. Dell’s edge solution web page features stories about how they helped Lowe’s and Nature Fresh implement a successful edge strategy. At Explore, Dell showcased a complete line of edge-enabling devices, including servers, gateways, data storage, HCI, and networking devices, backed up by the personnel to explain usage and benefits.
Dell Edge Nodes
On the server side, they had PowerEdge XR Rugged Servers. These are designed for deployment in harsh environments because they can withstand dust, shock, extreme heat, and moisture. Servers like these are deployed by the military, energy exploration and extraction companies, telecom, and others needing edge nodes in the harshest environments. The PowerEdge XR server line is available in single-proc 1U units;
Dell PowerEdge XR7620
to 2U units with 48 x86 cores with six drives.
Dell PowerEdge XR8000
On display at the event was the PowerEdge XR4000 server. This is a 2U server with a short depth that supports up to four server sleds. It is designed for edge workloads with use cases that include virtual desktop integration (VDI), machine vision, video surveillance, vSAN/VM, point-of-sale, and data collection and compression. The XR4000 is powered by an Intel Xeon D processor with up to 20 cores; it has four DDR4 DIMM slots that support 256GB of RAM and up to 12 x M.2 NVMe for a total storage capacity of 45TB. Further, the XR4000 is being leveraged for VxRail configurations.
Dell Edge Networking
One technology that caught our attention was private 5G wireless, a relatively new entrant starting to make an impact on edge deployments. For this solution, Dell has partnered with Airspan and Druid, two leaders in this field. The solution includes all the necessary parts to make private wireless a reality, including Radio Access Network (RAN) hardware and software, 5G core, and operations/management elements.
Dell Edge Gateways
Dell had the 5200 and 3200 gateway devices on display at Explore. Edge gateways act as a network entry point for edge nodes. They also provide network translation between networks that use different protocols. These are small form-factor devices.
Dell NativeEdge
On August 29, shortly after Explore ended, Dell announced Dell NativeEdge had GA’ed. NativeEdge is a software platform, which was launched in October 2022 under the code name Project Frontier, that simplifies application orchestration and infrastructure management across hundreds, thousands, and even tens of thousands of edge devices and locations. This simplifies how customers deploy, manage, and secure their edge infrastructure and applications.
The Dell Native Edge dashboard lets administrators monitor their edge devices and manage them through their entire lifecycle.
Dell has a long history of knowing that it can’t supply its customers with all the tools that they need so they created an Edge Partner Certification Program which allows ISVs and other channel partners to work directly with Dell engineers in a dedicated lab environment. Partners can use this lab to test and optimize their software before Dell validates it and makes it available to their customers in the Dell NativeEdge application catalog.
Atos, Bosch Global Software Technologies, and Eaton are already working with Dell to include their software in the application catalog for such diverse needs as Business Outcomes-as-a-service (BOaaS) solution, data collection and management on the manufacturing floor, and intelligent power management. Other companies working with Dell are Infront Systems, Involta, Telit Cinterion, and World Wide Technology.
At VMware Explore Tom Wallen did had an excellent VMTN session (Securely Scale Your Edge Operations With Dell NativeEdge) where he discussed some of the challenges around security at the edge. He covered how Dell can preconfigure and drop ship preconfigured devices and then verify the security of the device from the silicon to the software that was preinstalled and preconfigured on it. He further went on to give an example of how NativeEdge could save a company one million USD.
Final Thoughts
Acting on data near its creation point can generate immediate, essential value. Analyzing and acting on data at the source allows organizations to rapidly uncover efficiencies, improve experiences, and drive priorities.
We are bullish on edge computing and were happy to see Dell investing in the hardware and software to enable its adoption. We see the edge as a transformative technology that we will continue investigating along with the enabling hardware. We plan to explore edge computing further to see how companies such as Dell devise the techniques to deploy, manage, monitor, and orchestrate the edge deployments that are composed of thousands or tens of thousands of discrete edge nodes and the cloud resources that make it viable.
As the boundaries of edge computing continue to expand, so too is Dell’s commitment to providing practical solutions to streamline complex processes, enabling enterprises to harness the transformative potential of edge technologies with greater ease and efficiency.
Engage with StorageReview
Newsletter | YouTube | Podcast iTunes/Spotify | Instagram | Twitter | TikTok | RSS Feed
Tom Fenton
Tom Fenton has a wealth of hands-on IT experience gained over the past 27 years in a variety of technologies, with the past 20 years focusing on virtualization and storage. He previously worked at VMware as a Senior Course Developer, Solutions Engineer, and in the Competitive Marketing group. He has also worked as a Senior Validation Engineer with The Taneja Group, where he headed the Validation Service Lab and was instrumental in starting up its vSphere Virtual Volumes practice. He's on Twitter @vDoppler

The European Union has selected Capgemini to coordinate its ‘Next Generation IoT’ program.
Funded by the European Union’s Horizon 20203 research and innovation program, the €8 million ‘Next Generation IoT’ program will see a group of 19 different organisations from industry, professional services, science and academia join forces to research the future of the internet of things, and what is needed to bring its highly anticipated benefits to life.
The internet of things (IoT) is a term used to describe physical objects (or groups of such objects) with sensors, processing ability, software and other technologies that connect and exchange data with other devices and systems over the internet or other communications networks.
Examples of the internet of things are already widespread. In industrial settings, IoT is used for optimising production networks, or improving maintenance schedules. Energy companies use IoT to interconnect energy power networks, while airlines use sensors to monitor the quality (and hence) safety of key assets.
Research has identified the internet of things as one of the most promising emerging technologies for the coming years. Advancing its capabilities therefore is a key objective for the European Union, with the ‘Next Generation IoT’ mainly focusing on creating an interoperable foundation for internet of things at the European level.
A lack of interoperability is today a bottleneck for large and cross-border IoT networks, as devices built on different foundations are not able to ‘communicate’ effectively with each other. According to the European Union, enhanced interoperability comes with a range of benefits, including better collaboration, benefits of scale, and cross-industry innovation, among others.
Leading the consortium is Capgemini, a consulting and technology services firm. Consortium partners include Atos, Bosch, Ericsson, Netcompany-Intrasoft, Sorbonne University, Aalto University, and RWTH University.
Commenting on the appointment, Ghasan Bhatti from Capgemini said: “The EU wants to leverage innovative technologies to develop solutions that support industry and are rooted in European values. This project is a great opportunity that demonstrates the strengths of European players in this high-impact technological evolution.”
The ‘Next Generation IoT’ program is part of a wider ambition of the European Union to build the technological building blocks of future business and society, including the internet. Under its mandate, the EU provides financial support to digital innovation and grass-root projects covering all segments of the technology landscape.

Andrei Merkulov - stock.adobe.co
Bosch India is leveraging advanced analytics and artificial intelligence to detect manufacturing defects and plans to tap quantum computing for material simulation
Bosch is one of India’s earliest industrial pioneers, powering industries such as automotive and energy since it established its presence in the country a century ago.
In 1951, it set up its Indian manufacturing operations, which have been strengthened over the years to include 18 manufacturing sites and seven development and application centres.
More recently, the German conglomerate has localised advanced automotive technologies to support India’s desire to be more self-reliant and resilient and is supporting the development of Industry 4.0 in India by creating agile, future-ready plants and integrating local suppliers into its ecosystem.
Take its Bidadi plant, for example. In the past two years, the plant has not only become a low-cost manufacturing facility, but through a flexible labour model, it has been able to secure more temporary manpower while implementing advanced analytics and artificial intelligence (AI) to detect manufacturing defects.
Its Nashik plant, on the other hand, has focused on behaviour-based safety to reduce first-aid cases and near-miss accidents, while the Naganathapura plant is implementing low-cost automation to improve operational efficiency.
Underpinning Bosch India’s Industry 4.0 efforts are its software capabilities spanning industrial IoT (internet of things), quantum computing and AI.
Initially, the company teamed up with Indian companies with expertise in software development, but it later formed Bosch Global Software Technologies (BGSW) to tap India’s vast technology talent.
Vadiraj Krishnamurthy, chief technology officer and vice-president of BGSW, said the company is now looking to strengthen its research and development (R&D) in areas such as digital twins, connected mobility and supply chain automation. It has started a hackers’ garage and an innovation fund to nurture and incubate promising ideas.
On the cutting edge of things, Bosch India has concrete plans to tap quantum computing for materials simulations.
Krishnamurthy said the company has had years of experience in materials simulations using conventional computers, along with the ability to mass-produce high-end technology products. This includes electric vehicles, which could be built with new materials designed by quantum computers that improve energy efficiency and reduce consumption of natural resources, he added.
Bosch India has also leveraged IoT and AI to build an artificial intelligence of things (AIoT) platform, which is being showcased at its campus headquarters in Bangalore, with people remainng at the centre of its AI efforts.
Krishnamurthy said: “The differentiating factor between AI and human intelligence is the human element of empathy. Our approach is to close this gap so that humans and technology can work seamlessly.
“We are running research projects on human compatible machines or ‘internet of behaviour’, which mainly focus on understanding human emotions along with sensing the environment through classic IoT to offer more relevant insights in our connected products.”
Meanwhile, like many other technology and industrial firms, Bosch India is driving efforts to manage its carbon footprint. At the Bidadi site, various measures to reduce energy consumption have been implemented using a smart energy management system. This has enabled the plant to achieve 680MWh of energy savings in 2021.
On how the company is measuring the impact of its Industry 4.0 initiatives, Krishnamurthy cited two dimensions: how its employees are using digital technologies to work effectively and innovate, and how its customer and partners are experiencing its products and services.
“The way we look at measuring the impact is based on our digital maturity model which encompasses different elements like process optimisation, digital adaption and impact creation,” he said. “In the next two to three years, our aim is to jump by at least two to three steps ahead in our maturity model.”
Last month, Bosch announced that it will invest €10bn by 2025 in digitisation and connectivity. Two-thirds of that will go towards developing and expanding promising new technologies, with a focus on sustainability, mobility and Industry 4.0.
Read more on Internet of Things (IoT)
Tech spending in India to grow by 9.6% in 2023
By: Aaron Tan
UK government migration scheme to boost tech ties with India
By: Karl Flinders
How India is driving the use of open government data
By: Pratima Harigunani
Top 10 India IT stories of 2022
By: Aaron Tan

Video surveillance revenue models are evolving as customers search for advanced data storage and video analytics services. ABI Research says customers will increasingly demand scalable data-centric solutions, creating ample opportunity for cloud providers and driving global cloud data and analytics services revenue in the video surveillance market to US$25 billion in 2030.
“The video surveillance market is experiencing a transformation as more cloud video surveillance systems emerge, diversifying a market that capital expenditure costs have historically dominated,” says Lizzie Stokes, IoT networks & services analyst at ABI Research.
Lizzie Stokes
“Enterprise companies, lines of business, and small and medium enterprises (SMEs) are looking to take advantage of surveillance insights and are searching for new storage and analytics service models to ease implementation, drive faster time to market, lower costs, and improve ROI.”
Lizzie Stokes
According to ABI Research, high upfront on-premises installation and integration costs traditionally drove video surveillance market service revenue. Professional services revenue dominated the market, facilitated by System Integrators (SIs) who often design and install customers’ surveillance systems.
Market trends
However, two prominent market trends have led video surveillance users to divert investments away from new camera deployments to cloud data services.
Stokes explains that as video resolutions have improved, data loads have become heavier and more costly to store. At the same time, regulation is driving more firms to save their video footage.
Stokes says these market dynamics have created a demand for scalable and cost-effective cloud data storage solutions.
The other trend she observes has to do with video surveillance users increasingly viewing video data as untapped business intelligence.
"Video surveillance cameras are already tracking employee behaviour, observing customer actions, and monitoring goods as they journey through the supply chain and the factory floor. Many video surveillance users—enterprises and SMEs—are searching for streamlined cloud video analytics services to mine raw video data for operational insights,” she adds.
Video Surveillance-as-a-Service (VSaaS) companies are responding to these market trends, offering cloud data storage, cloud video analytics, and Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) applications that produce vertical-specific insights.
New customer demand will eventually diversify the market’s revenue structures, with more customers paying for video surveillance services through recurring fees. Traditional video surveillance companies providing on-premises and cloud offerings include Honeywell, Milestone Systems, and Bosch. Newer companies featuring cloud video surveillance services include Verkada, Eagle Eye Networks, and Wasabi Technologies.
“VSaaS vendors are redefining how video surveillance can be offered and deployed,” Stokes concludes. “As video analytics applications expand and video data in the market explodes, new video surveillance companies have the opportunity to disrupt the market’s traditional revenue structure.”
Early stages
Sunny Chua, Wasabi Technologies' general manager for Singapore, acknowledges that the transition to the cloud for video surveillance is still in the early stages but certainly picking up speed. He points to the 5G deployment across the region as facilitating the use of intelligent video surveillance devices as well as advanced analytics at the edge.
Sunny Chua
"The ability for these smart cameras to relay information back in real-time is contributing to innovative use cases in digitally advanced markets like Singapore, such as live footage used complementarily with 3D mapping technology to provide live insights on crowd management and weapon detection via virtual patrols," he elaborated.
Another area where he sees an opportunity for VSaaS is smart cities where spending in the region is expected to more than double between 2023 and 2028 to reach US$42 billion.
"Intelligent video surveillance is an especially important part of the puzzle in smart city development - enabling everything from smart traffic management to furthering sustainability ambitions by providing predictive insights on facilities utilisation in buildings," added Chua.
He believes these ongoing digital developments will ultimately drive workflow modernisation and transformation. "This makes Asia a ripe ground for VSaaS providers that can offer domain-specific services for the deep and reliable automation that a digital era demands while expediting the transition and minimising risks," he concluded.

In today’s interconnected world, the Internet of Things (IoT) has become an awe-inspiring reality rather than a futuristic concept. With billions of devices connected globally, businesses in all industries embrace IoT technologies to drive innovation, enhance operational efficiency, and provide exceptional experiences to their target audiences. By leveraging the power of IoT, organizations can tap into new possibilities, streamline processes, and gain a technological edge in this digital ecosystem.
According to a recent report by IoT Analytics, the global number of IoT connections grew by 18% in 2022, reaching 14.3 billion active IoT endpoints. The report predicts a further 16% increase in 2023, resulting in 16.7 billion connected IoT devices worldwide. These statistics highlight IoT technology’s ongoing expansion and adoption across industries, indicating its potential for continued growth.
A Statista report also suggests that the global IoT revenue is expected to reach $2,227 billion by 2028, witnessing a CAGR of 13.60% from 2023 to 2028. Thus, now is the right time if you, too, wish to leverage the increasing market share of the IoT ecosystem for your business and get maximum ROI.
Selecting a reputable IoT development company becomes paramount when embarking on an IoT project that will bring your idea to life. Collaborating with such a company ensures that your project is in capable hands, benefiting from their expertise and track record in delivering outstanding IoT solutions.
This article will feature the best IoT app development companies in the US that can help you streamline your business process by tapping into the world of connected devices. So, without further ado, let’s dive right into the details for them all.
Appinventiv
Appinventiv is a renowned digital solution provider in the US that boasts a large team of over 1000 skilled IoT developers. Established in 2015, the company has garnered recognition in the industry through its impressive portfolio, showcasing the expertise of its software professionals across varied verticals. The organization has been honored with the prestigious “Tech Company of the Year” title by the Times Business Awards 2023.
Appinventiv is a leading IoT app development company whose comprehensive range of IoT software development services encompasses IoT consulting, IoT app development, IoT wearable connectivity development, IoT testing and maintenance, and AIoT, among others. The services offered by their experts have been known to enhance efficiency and productivity across various industrial sectors, including healthcare, finance, automotive, agriculture, logistics, and supply chain.
Appinventiv’s IoT services empower organizations to capitalize on the capabilities of interconnected devices and utilize data to drive better decision-making and operational effectiveness. The experts at Appinventiv leverage their industry knowledge and cutting-edge digital tools, such as AI, cloud computing, and data analytics, to enable organizations to fully unlock the power of IoT.
Their customer-centric and design-led approach to software development has fostered successful collaborations with a global clientele that includes the likes of American Express, Vodafone, KPMG, Asian Bank, EmiratesNBD, Virgin Group, Adidas, Americana Group, and Bodyshop. The organization is known to have delivered reliable, innovative, and cost-effective solutions across the US, North Africa, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, Qatar, and India, leading to its widespread global presence and unique identity among its competitors.
IBM
IBM is another of the top IoT software development companies in the US that has been in the game for a long time. The organization was founded in 1911 and provides a wide range of services and solutions to businesses across the globe.
Their IoT offerings include services such as IoT platform development, device management, data analytics, and security solutions. Their business solutions allow businesses to connect, manage, and analyze data from numerous devices, enabling advanced insights and automation.
Accenture
Being a global technology company, Accenture has been providing various IoT software development services, including IoT strategy and consulting, solution architecture, development and implementation, data analytics, and cybersecurity. Founded in 1989, Accenture offers business solutions that extract valuable insights from data and optimize processes to drive innovation and efficiency.
Cisco
Cisco is another recognized organization that offers comprehensive IoT development services in the USA. The company was launched in 1984 and offers its clients IoT solutions across various industrial domains, which involve networking infrastructure, edge computing, security, data analytics, and IoT platform development.
It empowers businesses to leverage the full potential of the IoT ecosystem, navigate the connected world, and achieve digital growth.
Oracle
Oracle is a leading IoT services provider that offers a wide range of IoT solutions to organizations that are seeking digital transformation. With a strong industry presence, Oracle has been delivering innovative services since its establishment. Their IoT offerings encompass network infrastructure, data analytics, edge computing, security solutions, and IoT platform development. These comprehensive services cater to various industries, enabling businesses to connect devices and derive valuable insights from data effortlessly.
Infosys
Infosys is a multinational IT services company founded in 1981 that offers a comprehensive range of IoT services to enable organizations in their digital transformation journey. Their IoT services encompass the likes of IoT consulting, solution architecture, IoT application development, IoT data analytics, and IoT security. By leveraging their expertise, businesses can seamlessly navigate the complexities of the IoT ecosystem.
PTC
PTC has been one of the leading players in the US software industry for the past three decades. With an employee base of more than 10,000 skilled professionals, PTC is committed to providing cutting-edge IoT services and solutions. By leveraging their vast expertise and industry knowledge, PTC enables organizations to tap into the potential of connected devices and explore new opportunities in the digital ecosystem. Their services include IoT platform development, device connectivity, data analytics, remote monitoring, predictive maintenance, etc.
Oxagile
Oxagile is a leading IoT development company that offers a wide range of services to help businesses with their IoT projects. From initial consulting to developing IoT software, creating hardware prototypes, integrating systems, and continuously improving solutions, Oxagile covers the entire development process. With their expertise in technologies like AI, ML, computer vision, and big data, they deliver innovative and connected solutions for various industries.
GE Digital
GE Digital is a prominent IoT software development company in the US offering a comprehensive suite of solutions to facilitate businesses’ digital transformation journey. Their IoT services revolve around real-time data analytics, predictive maintenance, remote monitoring, and asset performance management. By leveraging the potential of connected devices and advanced analytics, GE Digital empowers businesses to acquire valuable insights, make well-informed decisions, and unlock fresh avenues for growth.
Bosch IoT
Bosch IoT Suite is a division of Bosch that offers IoT services such as IoT device connectivity, data management, cloud platforms, analytics, and application development. Their solutions cater to diverse industrial domains such as manufacturing, automotive, agriculture, energy, and smart homes. Businesses can gain a competitive edge in the digital era by leveraging their custom digital solutions.
Summing up
Selecting the right IoT development company from the list we have just shared can significantly impact the success of your digital transformation efforts. Each company possesses distinct strengths, expertise, and a track record of delivering exceptional IoT solutions. By partnering with the right firm, you can confidently embark on your digital journey, knowing that you have a capable ally by your side.
Featured image credit: Pexels

Market Reports World
Pune, Sept. 26, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Global IoT Utilities Market [2023-2029] Research Report Analysis and Outlook Insights | Latest Updated Report | 86 Pages Report | The IoT Utilities Market Size, Share, Growth, and Industry Analysis is Segmented based on by Types ( Sensor, Rfid, Connectivity Technologies, Others), and by Applications ( Electricity Grid Management, Gas Management, Waste Management, Others) and by Geography (Asia-Pacific, North America, Europe, South America, and Middle East and Africa). Industry Trends, and Forecast to 2029. The IoT Utilities market research report analyses the global and regional markets, providing an in-depth analysis of the market's overall growth potential and Forecast. Moreover, IoT Utilities market research report provides exclusive vital statistics, data information, demand, and competitive landscape insights in this niche sector. These insights enable them to make informed decisions and develop effective growth strategies.
Get a Sample PDF of the report at - https://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/23481178
“According to Our Latest Research Report on the Global IoT Utilities Market reveals that the industry is experiencing substantial growth worldwide. The report provides a comprehensive analysis of the market's current size, trends, share, and economic analysis, as well as a forecast for the year up to 2029”
IoT Utilities Market Overview Outlook by 2029:
The Global IoT Utilities Market Reached USD 6475.6 Million in 2022.
It is Estimated to Grow at a CAGR of 11.3% from 2023 to 2029
The Global IoT Utilities Market Expected to Reach USD 12310 Million by 2029
Top Regions Data Covered in this Report. (North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa, and Latin America)
This report gives a detailed description of all the factors influencing the growth of these market players as well as profiles of their companies, their product portfolios, marketing strategies, technology integrations, and more information about these market players. Some of the key players are as follows:
List of Top Leading Players of the IoT Utilities Market -
ABB
Bosch Software Innovations
Cisco Systems
General Electric
Hitachi
Honeywell International
Huawei Technologies
IBM Corporation
Intel Corporation
Microsoft Corporation
NEC Corporation
Get a Sample Copy of the IoT Utilities Market Research Report [2023-2029]
Global IoT Utilities Market Insights and Analysis -
IoT Utilities market 2023-2029 delivers a comprehensive overview of growth rate, industry size, market share, recent technology, new developments, and trends update. This report also covers a detailed study of geographical regional segments, market dynamics, ongoing trends, drivers, restraints, and challenges faced in the industry. The report also focuses on global major leading industry players of the global IoT Utilities market providing information such as company profiles, product pictures and specifications, price, cost, revenue, and contact information. From a global perspective, this report represents the overall IoT Utilities market size by analyzing historical data and future prospects. Furthermore, the report added compelling business systems, deals income, CAGR status, and SWOT investigation. It also covers industry segmentations (Manufacture, Type, Applications, and Geographical Regions) with value and volume.
With industry-standard accuracy in analysis and high data integrity, the report makes a brilliant attempt to unveil key opportunities available in the global IoT Utilities market to help players in achieving a strong market position. Buyers of the report can access verified and reliable market forecasts, including those for the overall size of the global IoT Utilities market in terms of revenue.
Get a Sample Copy of the IoT Utilities Market Research Report [2023-2029]
Global IoT Utilities Market Size in 2023 - Competitive Landscape
As the market is constantly evolving, the report explores the competition, supply, and demand trends and key factors that contribute to the changing demands of the market across various regions. The report includes company profiles and product examples of selected competitors, along with market share estimates of some of the leading companies for the year 2023. This report can be a valuable tool for businesses seeking to expand their market reach by targeting niche markets and understanding the dynamics of the IoT Utilities industry.
COVID-19 Impact on the IoT Utilities Market -
The Covid-19 pandemic has significantly impacted the global economy, including the IoT Utilities market. With the sudden lockdowns and social distancing measures enforced globally, various industries and businesses have been severely affected, leading to a decline in demand for certain products and services. The IoT Utilities market is no exception, and it has also witnessed a decline in demand during the pandemic.
The pandemic has affected the supply chain and disrupted manufacturing processes, leading to a shortage of raw materials and a delay in product delivery. This situation has caused a decline in production levels and sales of IoT Utilities products. Furthermore, the uncertainty caused by the pandemic has led to a decrease in consumer spending, which has further impacted the IoT Utilities market. However, the IoT Utilities market has also witnessed an increase in demand in some sectors, such as healthcare and e-commerce, due to the pandemic.
To Know How Covid-19 Pandemic and Russia Ukraine War Will Impact This Market - Get a Sample Copy of the Report
IoT Utilities Market Segmentation -
The IoT Utilities Market is segmented by type and application, providing accurate consumption value calculations and forecasts for both volume and value between 2016 and 2029. This insightful analysis can assist in identifying and targeting specialized niche markets, aiding in business expansion efforts. Additionally, the report includes detailed segment data, such as type, industry, and channel, covering the period from 2016 to 2022, with forecast data extending to 2029. The Global IoT Utilities Market is segmented according to product type, product application, and region, with varying segmentations across different industries. Furthermore, the report highlights the market growth across different regions globally, including country-specific consumption and market size for the IoT Utilities Market.
IoT Utilities Market Segmentation by Product Type:
Sensor
Rfid
Connectivity Technologies
Others
IoT Utilities Market Segmentation by Product Application:
Electricity Grid Management
Gas Management
Waste Management
Others
Enquire before purchasing this report - https://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/23481178
Regions and Countries Level Analysis - Top Countries Data
The report on the global IoT Utilities market includes a thorough analysis of the regional landscape, which offers a comprehensive overview of the sales growth in various regional and country-level markets. The study presents a detailed and precise volume analysis of each country and a comprehensive market size analysis of each region in the global IoT Utilities market.
IoT Utilities Market Segmentation by Region -
North America (United States, Canada, and Mexico)
Europe (Germany, UK, France, Italy, Russia, Spain, etc.)
Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India, Australia, Southeast Asia, etc.)
South America (Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, etc.)
Middle East & Africa (South Africa, UAE, Saudi Arabia, etc.)
Global IoT Utilities Market Drivers and Restraints -
Increased competition: The global IoT Utilities market is becoming increasingly competitive, with more businesses vying for the attention of consumers through digital advertising. This competition is both a driver and a restraint, as companies try to gain an edge over their rivals.
Technological advancements: The development of new technologies, such as machine learning algorithms and natural language processing, is driving innovation in the IoT Utilities market. However, the pace of technological change can also be a restraint, as businesses struggle to keep up with new trends and tools.
Changing consumer behavior: As consumer behavior shifts towards online shopping and mobile devices, the importance of IoT Utilities targeting has grown. However, changing consumer preferences can also be a restraint, as businesses try to adapt to evolving trends and customer demands.
Regulatory challenges: The IoT Utilities market is subject to a range of regulations and restrictions, particularly in the areas of data privacy and online advertising. These regulations can be a restraint, as businesses try to navigate complex legal requirements and avoid potential penalties.
Economic factors: The global economy plays a significant role in the IoT Utilities market, with factors such as inflation, exchange rates, and consumer spending all impacting demand for digital advertising. Economic factors can be both a driver and a restraint, depending on the prevailing conditions in different markets.
Emerging markets: The growth of emerging markets, particularly in Asia and Africa, presents both opportunities and challenges for the IoT Utilities market. These markets offer significant growth potential but also require businesses to adapt their strategies to local languages, cultures, and consumer preferences.
Industry consolidation: The IoT Utilities market is characterized by a large number of players, from small agencies to multinational corporations. However, there is a trend towards industry consolidation, as larger companies acquire smaller ones or merge with rivals. This consolidation can be a driver, as companies seek to gain market share and improve efficiency, but it can also be a restraint, as smaller businesses struggle to compete against larger rivals.
Key Reasons to Buy this Report:
Comprehensive analysis of the IoT Utilities market, providing valuable insights into the industry.
In-depth examination of the market's product scope, opportunities, driving forces, and risks.
Detailed profiling of the top IoT Utilities manufacturers, including their sales, revenue, and global market share.
Analysis of the competitive landscape of the IoT Utilities market, including sales, revenue, and global market share of top manufacturers.
Regional and country-level analysis of IoT Utilities sales, revenue, and growth, providing a comprehensive understanding of the market's performance.
Market segmentation by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate for each segment.
Forecast of IoT Utilities market performance by region, type, and application, from 2023 to 2029.
Identification of sales channels, distributors, and customers, along with research findings and conclusion, appendix, and data source.
Valuable insights and recommendations for businesses and investors looking to expand into the IoT Utilities market.
Purchase this report (Price 2900 USD for single user license) - https://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/23481178
Table of Content -
1 Report Overview
1.1 Study Scope
1.2 Market Analysis by Type
1.2.1 Global IoT Utilities Market Size Growth Rate by Type: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029
1.2.2 Sensor
1.2.3 Rfid
1.2.4 Connectivity Technologies
1.2.5 Others
1.3 Market by Application
1.3.1 Global IoT Utilities Market Growth by Application: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029
1.3.2 Electricity Grid Management
1.3.3 Gas Management
1.3.4 Waste Management
1.3.5 Others
1.4 Study Objectives
1.5 Years Considered
1.6 Years Considered
2 Global Growth Trends
2.1 Global IoT Utilities Market Perspective (2018-2029)
2.2 IoT Utilities Growth Trends by Region
2.2.1 Global IoT Utilities Market Size by Region: 2018 VS 2022 VS 2029
2.2.2 IoT Utilities Historic Market Size by Region (2018-2023)
2.2.3 IoT Utilities Forecasted Market Size by Region (2024-2029)
2.3 IoT Utilities Market Dynamics
2.3.1 IoT Utilities Industry Trends
2.3.2 IoT Utilities Market Drivers
2.3.3 IoT Utilities Market Challenges
Continued...!!
Browse the complete table of contents at - https://www.marketreportsworld.com/TOC/23481178
About Us -
Market Reports World is the Credible Source for Gaining the Market Reports that will provide you with the Lead Your Business Needs. The market is changing rapidly with the ongoing expansion of the industry. Advancement in technology has provided today’s businesses with multifaceted advantages resulting in daily economic shifts. Thus, it is very important for a company to comprehend the patterns of market movements in order to strategize better. An efficient strategy offers the companies a head start in planning and an edge over the competitors.
CONTACT: Phone: US - (+1) 424 253 0946 UK - (+44) 203 239 8187 Email: sales@marketreportsworld.com Website: https://www.marketreportsworld.com

HYDERABAD: Canadian software player
BlackBerry Ltd
on Wednesday said it is setting up its largest ‘BlackBerry IoT Center of Excellence, Engineering and Innovation’ in Hyderabad, which will emerge as the second largest facility for BlackBerry’s IoT division globally after Canada by the end of 2023 when it will house over 100 software engineers.
The world-class engineering facility will be building the next generation of software-defined-vehicles (SDVs) and advance innovation in other IoT industries, using the company’s BlackBerry QNX product portfolio and in-vehicle software programmed BlackBerry IVY, the company said.
It is expected to house software engineers across a range of technology positions and skillsets including senior management, technical project management, product engineering, cloud software development, integration and service delivery.
The Hyderabad teams will be responsible for innovation, embedded software product development and engineering services.
The teams in Hyderabad will first use the QNX software development platform (SDP) evaluation hardware and software to design and accelerate the development of safe and secure systems that offer real-time performance including QNX Accelerate initiative, offering QNX in the Cloud to accelerate product development and reduce time to market for mission-critical industries including automotive, medical devices, industrial controls, robotics, aerospace, defence and heavy machinery, it said.
BlackBerry IoT president Mattias Eriksson termed the latest development as another milestone for BlackBerry’s ongoing investment in skills and innovation and said it signifies the importance of India as a home to world-class software innovators.
“We are pleased to expand BlackBerry IoT’s global software innovation network in Hyderabad, underscoring our commitment to serve our customers and partners and continue our rapid growth as an IoT software leader, especially in the automotive sector,” he said.
“India is an important market for local and global manufacturers in automotive and IoT sectors – particularly in Hyderabad, an ecosystem of engineering talent. This facility will help BlackBerry IoT to co-develop and co-innovate more closely with our customers and partners based in India, giving talented developers and engineers the opportunity to build the best solutions for complex problems for automotive and other embedded software industries,” he added.
The company said that its BlackBerry IVY software development is planned to roll out later in 2023, bringing developers and OEMs with operations in India closer to the innovation cycle, offering access to benefits such as optimized data processing using on-vehicle machine learning (ML).
BlackBerry QNX is already embedded in 215 million vehicles globally and is in production with 45 different OEMs and all seven auto Tier-1 suppliers worldwide. Its customers include Tata Motors, Mahindra & Mahindra, Stellantis, BMW, Aptiv, Bosch, Ford, GM, Honda, Mercedes-Benz, Toyota, and Volkswagen.

Bosch Rexroth will present its latest automation, material transport, and assembly technology products and solutions for battery manufacturing in booth 2517 at The Battery Show North America and Electric & Hybrid Vehicle Technology Expo, September 12-14, in Novi, MI.
With working demonstrations, product exhibits and on-site industry specialists, Bosch Rexroth will present a broad portfolio of manufacturing technology and expertise tailored to meet complex battery production automation requirements.
The Battery Show North America and Electric & Hybrid Vehicle Technology Expo is North America’s largest and most comprehensive advanced battery manufacturing trade show. Bosch Rexroth will showcase how its industry-leading technologies — including ctrlX AUTOMATION controls and drive systems, robust and proven TS conveyors, linear motor-powered Flexible Transport System and Smart MechatroniX offerings — can intelligently and seamlessly integrate into complete automation solutions, helping battery manufacturers get products to market faster through open, scalable production platforms.
Key booth highlights and interactive exhibits include:
Battery Module Assembly Simulation: Featuring technologies across our automation portfolio, this demo will simulate a four-station pack assembly process. See for yourself how technologies including our proven TS2, FTS transport systems, and Smart Function Kits work in harmony with ctrlX CORE and ctrlX IO. Visitors will experience how our complete portfolio comes together to create a robust, harmonized solution that enables battery manufacturers to get to market faster.
End-of-Line Battery Testing: New to The Battery Show floor, our End-of-Line exhibit demonstrates the use of our ctrlX DRIVE in battery module and pack testing. Utilizing an industrial battery (204V 75Ah) with a battery management system (BMS), this demo will show visitors how a ctrlX DRIVE efficiently performs battery charge/discharge cycles using a 3x250VAC grid connection.
ctrlX AUTOMATION: Our collection of kiosks illustrates the modularity and scalability of ctrlX AUTOMATION while presenting an overview of ctrlX DRIVE and ctrlX CORE hardware capabilities. On display is a three-axis ctrlX DRIVE linked to a ctrlX CORE control system running in real-time. Other components, such as ctrlX IO, ctrlX HMI and the MS2N servo motor, are included. In addition, the exhibit demonstrates how ctrlX CORE supports modern languages for today’s industrial machinery, such as Java, Python and Node Red, plus many other application-specific languages.
Within the ctrlX AUTOMATION platform is ctrlX IOT, which enables efficient and secure connection in the IIoT. This progressive IoT toolbox features advanced security that meets the strictest I4.0 requirements and can fully integrate IoT solutions into hardware platforms.
Smart Flex Effector: The Smart Flex Effector is a first of its kind sensor-based compensation module with independent kinematics in six degrees of freedom. The Smart Flex Effector provides tactile sense of touch feedback to the robot application, essentially emulating the abilities of a human hand. A digital twin of the robotic operation can also be created from the multitudes of real-time data available from the device, providing complete process transparency.
It lends itself to complex handling applications, joining operations with micron-level tolerances, robotic teaching, performing in-process measurement, and providing movement flexibility that was previously unobtainable. The Smart Flex Effector solves a wide array of challenges that have troubled integrators for years.
NEXO Cordless Nutrunner and OPEX Torque Wrench: In this interactive demo, visitors will have an opportunity to use our NEXO and OPEX tightening tools to tighten various bolts on a mock battery module. The demo showcases the benefits of wireless manual safety critical fastening solutions, such as enhanced freedom of movement and improved ergonomics over cabled solutions.
Educational Highlights: The booth will also feature a new 3D animations that highlight major production steps in battery cell, module, and pack assembly, along with the complete range of Bosch Rexroth open automation, mechatronics and transport systems to improve all these process steps.
“We are experiencing incredible growth in battery manufacturing driven by the electrification of everything we know. As battery technology advances and demand surges, manufacturers are seeking smart, adaptable manufacturing solutions to help solve complex process challenges while increasing speed to market.” said Mark Ziencina, Bosch Rexroth Market Segment Manager for Battery and EV.
“Bosch Rexroth is ready to meet those needs, combining battery manufacturing expertise with our complete factory automation offering. Our solutions are tailored to meet the complex battery production challenges of clean rooms and dry rooms, as well as those of transporting heavy packs, and overall automation platforms that streamline system updates and modifications as the industry evolves and battery innovation continues,” he said.
At The Battery Show, booth visitors can connect one-on-one with Rexroth automation and assembly technology experts with backgrounds in battery manufacturing system development, engineering and implementation.
For more information about Bosch Rexroth and its complete automation solutions for battery manufacturing, visit www.boschrexroth-us.com/battery-info and stop by booth 2517 at The Battery Show.
About Bosch Rexroth:
As one of the world’s leading suppliers of drive and control technologies, Bosch Rexroth ensures efficient, powerful and safe movement in machines and systems of any size. The company bundles global application experience in the market segments of Mobile and Industrial Applications as well as Factory Automation. With its intelligent components, customized system solutions, engineering and services, Bosch Rexroth is creating the necessary environment for fully connected applications. Bosch Rexroth offers its customers hydraulics, electric drive and control technology, gear technology and linear motion and assembly technology, including software and interfaces to the Internet of Things. With locations in over 80 countries, more than 32,000 associates generated sales revenue of around 7.0 billion euros in 2022. www.boschrexroth-us.com.
About Bosch:
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 421,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2022). The company generated sales of 88.2 billion euros in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 470 subsidiary and regional companies in over 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 136 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 85,500associates in research and development, of which nearly 44,000 are software engineers.

ANAHEIM, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Bosch and Plus are collaborating to make software-defined commercial trucks a reality. Through a new technology agreement, Plus is offering its PlusDrive solution with the integrated steering system from Bosch featuring hardware and software to deliver driver assistance and partially automated features to commercial vehicles. The announcement was made today at the Advanced Clean Transportation (ACT) Expo in Anaheim, California.
PlusDrive-enabled L2++ vehicles are equipped with a predictive 360 degree surround perception system and provide partial automation by continuously helping drivers with acceleration, braking and steering. The PlusDrive software-based system and the Bosch hardware plus software steering solution work together to enable assisted driving and automated functions. PlusDrive provides traffic jam assist, merge handling, driver initiated and suggested lane change, over-the-air updates, lane nudge, sensor self-calibration, driver attentiveness detection, and other highly automated driving features. When combined with Bosch’s steering system for lateral control, its benefits include driver retention, fuel economy savings and assistance capabilities to help reduce accidents.
“New mobility solutions require new, enhanced collaboration,” said Paul Thomas, executive vice president of Mobility Solutions, Americas for Bosch. “Our agreement with Plus complements existing Bosch portfolio elements and is one of multiple ways we can work together to support our customers.”
“Plus’s underlying next-generation safety solution enabled by our open autonomy platform, combined with Bosch’s steering software system, will help to prevent accidents in commercial vehicles and make roads safer. The proven commercial readiness of our highly automated Plus system accelerates the deployment for our partners and improves the safety and sustainability for the trucking industry,” said Shawn Kerrigan, COO and co-founder, Plus.
Beyond offering hardware and software solutions in its steering technology, Bosch can also provide advanced engineering services from its Bosch Engineering team focused on vehicle integration, security and safety for the combined Bosch and Plus solution offered to commercial vehicle truck manufacturers.
In addition to steering solutions for commercial vehicles, Bosch also delivers hardware and software solutions supporting increasing levels of automation in commercial vehicles. Bosch technology can help to provide significantly more powerful electronics architecture, thereby delivering the basis for the software-defined truck. Half the R&D associates in the Bosch Mobility Solutions business sector are software engineers. Among other things, this promotes the development of automated driving.
About Bosch
Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs nearly 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). According to preliminary 2022 figures, Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 420,000 associates worldwide (as of Dec. 31, 2022). The company generated sales of $93.1 billion in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs roughly 84,800 associates in research and development, of which more than 44,000 are software engineers. In North America, Bosch employs approximately 3,500 associates in research and development.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
Exchange rate: 1 EUR = 1.0538
About Plus
Plus is a global provider of highly automated driving and fully autonomous driving solutions with headquarters in Silicon Valley, California. Named by Forbes as one of America’s Best Startup Employers and by Fast Company as one of the World’s Most Innovative Companies, Plus’s open autonomy technology platform is already powering vehicles in commercial use today. Working with leading vehicle manufacturers, fleets, and other technology companies globally, Plus is helping to make driving safer, more comfortable, and more sustainable. Plus has received a number of industry awards and distinctions for its transformative technology and business momentum from Fast Company, Forbes, Insider, Consumer Electronics Show, AUVSI, and others.
For more information, please visit www.plus.ai or follow us on LinkedIn or YouTube.

OAK BROOK, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--As precipitation and winter weather continue to sweep across a majority of the country, Bosch, in partnership with advertising agency Bailey Lauerman, is launching a new campaign for wiper blades. In the “Night Vision has Evolved” campaign, the mysterious and striking ads highlight the innovative features of Bosch wiper blades to provide optimal nighttime clarity and enhance safer night driving.
“The featured 30-second ad, titled ‘Night Eyes’ ad highlights how Bosch FOCUS™ and ENVISION™ Night Performance wiper blades are designed to sharpen nighttime visibility and provide extreme weather safety,” stated Scott Sullivan, senior marketing communications specialist at Bosch AA. “People only do 25% of their driving at night, yet 50% of traffic deaths happen during this time, proving just how dangerous nighttime driving can be. When you add in inclement weather, these risks and the stress of nighttime driving continue to climb.”
A first of their kind, Bosch FOCUS™ and ENVISION™ wiper blades are designed and manufactured with innovative features that make nighttime driving safer in inclement weather. Advanced technology includes:
Blur is reduced using NightView™ and NightFocus™ technologies, which provide uniform wiping stability across the entire length of the blade for optimal night clarity.
Glare is minimized using ClearMax 365TM rubber technology, featuring a flexible dual synthetic rubber blend and precision-cut polymer edge, creating an optimal wipe angle. The technology also promotes a longer product life, as it protects the wiping edge from deterioration by ozone, extreme weather, and road debris.
A night spoiler, combining a water-repelling polymer compound and a light-absorbing charcoal powder to repel water droplets and minimize ice buildup for extreme, all-weather safety.
This is Bosch wiper blades’ newest campaign in three years. “Bosch is a true innovator in the industry,” said Aaron Jarosh, creative director at Bailey Lauerman. “Because this night-focused product was a first-of-its-kind, we felt it needed a creative solution to match. We positioned the product as not only a technological innovation but also an evolution for humankind—improving night vision so drastically that they transform drivers' eyes into those of a nocturnal creature." Bailey Lauerman partnered with the directing duo, Humans, at Riff Raff and UPP for post-production of the campaign.
Bailey Lauerman also manages Bosch wiper blades’ paid media strategy and execution. The “Night Vision has Evolved” campaign will launch in the U.S. across broadcast, digital and social this winter. As part of the campaign, Bosch is launching an Instagram filter extending the TV spot concept of transforming a drivers' eyes into those of a nocturnal creature. Drivers can also save money on Bosch ENVISION™ and FOCUS™ wiper blades at select retailer partners by visiting AutoZone, O'Reilly Auto Parts and Advance Auto Parts stores. To learn more about Bosch ENVISION and FOCUS wiper blades or to shop online, visit: https://www.boschautoparts.com/nightvision
View the TV spot here: https://youtu.be/mCfumoC_SqU
About Bosch
Having established a regional presence in 1906 in North America, the Bosch Group employs nearly 35,500 associates in more than 100 locations, as of December 31, 2021. In 2021, Bosch generated consolidated sales of $13.5 billion in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. For more information, visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 402,600 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2021). The company generated sales of $93.1 billion in 2021. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 76,100 associates in research and development, of which more than 38,000 are software engineers.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
(Exchange rate: 1 EUR = 1.1830)
About Bailey Lauerman
Bailey Lauerman has made its mark on the advertising industry for more than five decades. As a fully integrated agency headquartered in Nebraska, Bailey Lauerman provides the best work by adapting its core competencies of research, strategic planning, branding, creative, design, production, media, social and PR to best serve brands around the country. Bailey Lauerman has established itself as experts on the 92% of Americans who live outside of the country’s 10 largest cities. They call that 92% “The Everything In-Between.” Bailey Lauerman has been recognized by the Effie Effectiveness Index as one of the Top 10 Most Effective Independent Agencies in the nation, was awarded “Small Agency of the Year” by Advertising Age and has been named one of “20 Small Agencies that Punch Above Their Weight,” in Forbes. The agency has earned national recognition for its work with brands including Disney, Union Pacific, AMC Theatres, Phillips 66, Bosch, Panda Express, Netflix, UnitedHealthcare, The Smithsonian and many more. Visit BaileyLauerman.com for more information.

Bosch Brand Donates Over $20,000 Worth of Power Tools, Measuring Tools and Accessories to Programs in Charlotte, Tampa, Dallas and San Antonio
, /PRNewswire/ -- In honor of Giving Tuesday, Bosch Power Tools is empowering the future of the trades by providing tool donations to four high school and pre-college construction trade programs across the U.S. Valued at approximately $20,000, the donation of power tools, measuring tools and accessories is designed to support students' learning and development with hands-on skill-building experiences in the classroom, as the demand for skilled workers across the U.S. reaches new heights.
This Giving Tuesday, Bosch Power Tools is donating over $20,000 worth of tools and accessories to local trade schools, continuing their ongoing support towards the next generation of workers.
"As a company dedicated to hard work on the jobsite and in the community, we recognize the importance of investing in the local organizations that are empowering the workforce of tomorrow," said Teresa Sabatino, Director of Brand Marketing Power Tools North America. "Bosch Power Tools is proud to partner with these four distinguished trade school programs this Giving Tuesday to help ensure students are ready for work their first day on a professional jobsite, while also doing our part to help address the skilled trades gap."
To support the next generation of workers as they enter in-demand careers in the skilled trades, Bosch Power Tools identified ROC Construction Skills Training Center in Charlotte, the Career Institute North Trade High School Program in Dallas, the Construction Careers Academy in San Antonio and the Building Construction Academy at Bowers/Whitley in Tampa, as recipient organizations of its Giving Tuesday initiative.
Bosch Power Tools' donation of tools includes a wide range of equipment, from drills and saws to batteries and chargers, all of which are essential for hands-on training and skill development. The donation follows similar acts of giving in Dallas and Tampa, where Bosch recently donated tools and time as they worked alongside volunteers from the regional Habitat for Humanity teams. Efforts in both communities were impactful for all parties, resulting in new windows and doors, to complete interior framing for new family homes.
"Our school is incredibly grateful for Bosch Power Tools' donation and continued partnership, knowing we both value hard work and strive to empower the workers of tomorrow," said Krista Ackles, Vice Principal of the San Antonio Construction Careers Academy High School.
For more information on Bosch Power Tools' latest innovations, visit our Press Room at pressroom.boschtools.com or connect with Bosch Power Tools on Facebook, Instagram and TikTok.
About Bosch
Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs nearly 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). According to preliminary 2022 figures, Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 420,000 associates worldwide (as of Dec. 31, 2022). The company generated sales of $93.1 billion in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group's strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is "Invented for life." The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch's global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. The basis for the company's future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs roughly 84,800 associates in research and development, of which more than 44,000 are software engineers. In North America, Bosch employs approximately 3,500 associates in research and development.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
About Construction Careers Academy High School
Since its beginning in 2009, Construction Careers Academy provides an advanced and rigorous curriculum to its public magnet high school students. Focusing on Construction Technology (Plumbing, Electrical, HVAC, Carpentry), Construction Management, Architectural Design and Applied Engineering, the premier campus offers real-world experience and industry certifications that prepare their students for higher education and/or a career in a construction related field.
About ROC Construction Skills Training Center
The mission of The ROC is to provide technical construction skills and job readiness training, mentorships, paid apprenticeships and permanent job placement for students attending high schools in under-served areas of Mecklenburg County.
The ROC was brought to life in 2018 through collaborative efforts with CPCC, CMS and over 40 construction industry partners. CPCC provides rigorous, industry-driven, college level construction education and CMS assists with recruiting, pathways and student transportation. The ROC provides soft skills and job readiness and Industry partners provide paid apprenticeships and full time employment.
About Career Institute North
The Dallas Independent School District is continually preparing its more than 141,000 students for college or a career. The district offers a competitive mix of innovative programs, choice programs and instructional initiatives that support the increased academic achievement and the social and emotional development of its students. To learn more, visit www.dallasisd.org.
About Hillsborough County Public Schools
Hillsborough County Public Schools, located in Tampa, Florida, is a leading educational institution dedicated to "Preparing Students for Life." The district is the seventh-largest in the nation and the third-largest in Florida. We proudly educate over 220,000 students, employ more than 24,000 individuals, and offer our families innovative and nationally recognized programs at 250-plus public schools. HCPS ranks 19th in the state for academics and led the nation in the 2022 NAEP (National Assessment of Educational Progress) scores for 4th Grade Reading and 4th Grade Math.
For more information, visit hillsboroughschools.org and follow @HillsboroughSch on all social platforms.
SOURCE Bosch Power Tools

The Internet of Things (IoT) poses dramatic possibilities for transforming work and everyday life. The IoT, in plain terms, is the intersection of the physical and digital world, with devices of all kinds harnessing the power of interconnectivity to provide seamless experiences for consumers and businesses alike.
At the moment, however, the IoT is at a crossroads. Will it continue to provide incremental value amid siloed clusters, or will it unlock massive value as a fully interconnected IoT ecosystem? That “unlock”—and thus the answer to that question—depends on the transition to a truly integrated IoT network within and across industry verticals.
Core obstacles must be confronted to achieve such a network. Chief among them is cybersecurity risk, which stands in the way of the trust needed to integrate IoT applications and networks. The solution lies in the convergence of the IoT and cybersecurity—the combination of any technical, functional, or commercial element of the IoT with cybersecurity to form a new, integrated whole. We shouldn’t understate how significant this breakthrough could be for key applications (such as automobiles, healthcare, and smart cities).
This article explores the nature of that convergence, the opportunities it will offer, and the challenges involved in achieving it. Providers of integrated solutions can engage in transformative adaptations to consolidate today’s fragmented IoT and cybersecurity ecosystem. With strategies and partnerships aimed at the convergence of the IoT and cybersecurity, industry and consumers alike can realize the remarkable possibilities that lie ahead.1IoT value set to accelerate through 2030: Where and how to capture it,” McKinsey, November 9, 2021; “A manufacturer’s guide to scaling Industrial IoT,” McKinsey, February 5, 2021; “Smart cities: Digital solutions for a more livable future,” McKinsey Global Institute, June 5, 2018; and Bharath Aiyer, Jeffrey Caso, and Marc Sorel, “The unsolved opportunities for cybersecurity providers,” McKinsey, January 5, 2022.
The IoT and cybersecurity landscape
A question commonly asked by technology leaders across the globe: What are the key factors inhibiting wide-scale IoT adoption today? Driven by our hypothesis that the convergence of the IoT and cybersecurity can unlock a massive amount of new value, we explored the IoT landscape to understand better the obstacles to broad IoT adoption and how they might be overcome.2
Across industry verticals, applications of the IoT continue to expand, and a shift has occurred from clusters of siloed IoT devices to interconnected IoT environments. This is especially apparent in settings such as factory floors and automotive vehicles. However, the IoT hasn’t yet scaled as quickly as expected, and the IoT industry hasn’t achieved a genuinely seamless experience in which devices pass into and out of physical environments and are identified, trusted, and managed without a need for separate (and at times manual) authentication steps.
The proliferation of connected devices, along with the advancement of the complexity in IoT use cases (such as autonomous systems and transportation), creates opportunities for multiple players of the value chain. But it also creates the risk of vulnerabilities that could have catastrophic consequences. The risk profiles of many IoT systems are elevated compared with that of enterprise IT, given the IoT’s control over physical operations. A seamless IoT experience, therefore, requires a foundation in digital trust, functional convergence of the IoT and cybersecurity, and an early-stage integration of cybersecurity in the architecture design and pilot phase.
Traditional approaches to security in the IoT don’t support this secure, seamless experience. IoT buyers report that there is little multilayered security embedded in today’s IoT solution designs. This leads to vulnerabilities that in turn require regular over-the-air updates and patches, which can’t be reliably implemented. Relative to enterprise IT, solution design in the IoT space lags behind in security assurance, testing, and verification.
We tested our hypothesis around the importance of cybersecurity and IoT convergence with industry leaders and uncovered another important finding. There is a wide mindset gap between IoT buyers and providers regarding expected IoT adoption, digital privacy, and trust concerns, and the delay caused by siloed decision-making leads. Knowing some of these facts should help future technology leaders on both the buyer and provider sides understand the others’ mindsets and move toward unlocking the value.
IoT buyers tell us they are less optimistic than IoT solution providers about achieving a seamless experience soon. They are encountering hurdles even during the early stages of IoT implementation. Their main concerns are around interoperability, cybersecurity, and installation complexities.
IoT solution providers heavily underestimate the importance of digital trust in comparison with buyers; only about 30 percent of providers consider digital trust to be critical in IoT solutions, compared with approximately 60 percent of buyers who view it as such. But IoT buyers need more cohesive decision-making structures to address their cybersecurity concerns. Most providers blame siloed decision making between the IoT and cybersecurity groups on the buyer end for delays in IoT adoption—81 percent of providers hold that perspective. Conversely, only 42 percent of buyers believe the decisions are siloed.
From these insights, we conclude that it will take a significant shift in the philosophy of IoT solution design, along with a holistic convergence of IoT and cybersecurity functionalities, to build user confidence in the IoT, speed up its adoption, and drive new value across its verticals—thus creating a fully interconnected IoT environment. These market forces are further supported by increased policy making at both the public and private levels. Technology leaders who grasp the required mindset will be able to influence disruptive change for both consumer and enterprise applications.
When the industry can converge the IoT and cybersecurity, the reward could be enormous. By 2030, the IoT suppliers’ market is expected to reach approximately $500 billion in a baseline scenario. In a scenario in which cybersecurity concern is completely managed, executives would increase spend on the IoT by an average of 20 to 40 percent. Moreover, an additional five to ten percentage points of value for IoT suppliers could be unlocked from new and emerging use cases. This implies that the combined total addressable market (TAM) value across industries for IoT suppliers could reach in the range of $625 billion to $750 billion.
What stands in the way? It’s highly challenging to manage IoT cybersecurity because the converged solutions need to be either vertical or use case specific and to include a cross-tech stack layer. Success will hinge on various stakeholders acknowledging the challenges, committing to innovation, and agreeing on industrial standards. Testing and validating the solutions also takes time. Additionally, there is an urgent need for industry talent with expertise in both the IoT and cybersecurity, and there is already a global cybersecurity talent shortage. Moreover, embedding IoT skill sets within cybersecurity is an emerging discipline.
However, there are reasons for optimism. Leaders in the IoT and cybersecurity sectors are increasingly aware of the challenges and actively considering solutions. Top cloud providers (such as Amazon Web Services, Google, and Microsoft) have stepped up their approaches to IoT security. Semiconductor players (such as Intel and Qualcomm Technologies), whose products power key IoT devices and networks, now prioritize security in their IoT architectures and hardware. Pure-play IoT technology providers (such as Cisco Systems and Samsara) recognize the importance of security and offer distinct IoT security offerings. Finally, a few companies (such as BlackBerry and Siemens) sit at the intersection of cybersecurity and the IoT and are well positioned to marry enterprise cybersecurity solutions with IoT platforms.
McKinsey has been surveying companies and decision makers around the world on the topic of the IoT, as well as actively participating in discussions about its potential and challenges, for close to a decade. The firm’s experts have sought to understand the transformational value of connecting the physical and digital worlds—the plumbing of which is the IoT. This work has repeatedly led us to the conclusion, shared by many global technology leaders, that enormous value can be realized when broad societal benefit, utility, and productivity are taken into account. We believe that the full potential by 2030 could be between $5.5 trillion and $12.6 trillion.
We have put significant recent effort into understanding today’s obstacles and potential solutions for a truly seamless experience that enables the next generation of the IoT. Some of our conclusions are that security and trust have become increasingly prominent inhibitors, yet the solutions that bring together enterprise security and the IoT remain nascent. This has led us to investigate how the answer may lie in the intersection of cybersecurity and the IoT to serve as the driver for IoT adoption. The findings on this question have been significant and, in some cases, surprising.
The IoT future: Seamless industrial and consumer experience
Imagine the seamless Internet of Things experience of the future, merging different industries, technologies, and use cases. A car is more than a means of transportation—it’s a vehicle of the broader digital experience. You request a shared car through a portal using touchless facial recognition. The car drives itself to you, with its interior personalized to your preferences. Its communication devices seamlessly integrate your digital accounts. On your morning commute, the car syncs with your wellness tracker to determine which breakfast to order and pick up. You enjoy your meal while your digital assistant alerts the office of your arrival and adjusts your cubicle temperature.
Turning this vision into reality one day requires overcoming several factors currently inhibiting faster IoT adoption and growth; chief among them is cybersecurity risk. Only by seriously addressing this issue with a new, holistic approach can the market maximize the value enabled by this and many other advanced IoT use cases.
IoT market adoption and key drivers
IoT adoption has accelerated in recent years, shifting from millions of siloed IoT clusters made up of a collection of interacting, smart devices to a fully interconnected IoT environment. This shift is happening within industry verticals and across industry boundaries. By 2025, the IoT suppliers’ market is expected to reach $300 billion, with 8 percent CAGR from 2020 to 2025 and 11 percent CAGR from 2025 to 2030.
The future IoT environment will consist of billions of connected devices communicating through heterogenous operating systems, networks, and platforms, increasingly through cloud-based data storage and cloud-native programming. This environment should empower constant information exchange with a high level of autonomy and, in turn, enable designers and engineers of IoT solutions to create a seamless experience, which IoT technology providers, integrators, and customers have recently started to advocate for.
The ability to develop seamless experiences will likely spur further adoption of the IoT, as it helps address critical factors such as confidentiality, connectivity performance, cybersecurity, installation, interoperability, privacy, and technology performance (see sidebar “Key factors for a seamless IoT experience”). In the McKinsey B2B IoT Survey, more than 90 percent of surveyed IoT solution suppliers and buyers cite at least one of those issues as a key reason for decelerating IoT adoption. Interoperability and cybersecurity occupied the top two spots. Interoperability is an essential ingredient, given the need for multiple interconnected systems; common standards across the IoT value chain would bolster it. Cybersecurity is just as critical but an even bigger challenge.
The pivotal role of cybersecurity
Survey respondents across all industries cite cybersecurity deficiencies as a major impediment to IoT adoption (Exhibit 1). Roughly 30 percent of participants name cybersecurity risk as their top concern. Of these respondents, 40 percent indicate that they would increase the IoT budget and deployment by 25 percent or more if cybersecurity concerns were resolved.
Cybersecurity risk multiplies due to the interconnectedness of IT and operational technology within the IoT, especially in use cases that involve the transmission of critical data or the operation of critical business processes. Per McKinsey research in 2021, more than 10 percent annual growth in the number of interconnected IoT devices leads to higher vulnerability from cyberattacks, data breaches, and mistrust.3IoT value set to accelerate through 2030: Where and how to capture it,” McKinsey, November 9, 2021. According to the McKinsey B2B IoT Survey, IoT application software and human–machine interfaces are the most vulnerable layers of the IoT stack.
Both the frequency and severity of IoT-related cyberattacks are expected to increase.4New survey reveals $2 trillion market opportunity for cybersecurity technology and service providers,” McKinsey, October 27, 2022. Without effective IoT cybersecurity, this heightened risk may prevent organizations from taking their IoT deployments from pilot, in which risk is localized, to production, in which risk is amplified because of the expanded scale.
Up to now, achieving a trusted level of IoT cybersecurity has been difficult. Most participants in the space have tended to treat cybersecurity as a separate software category, providing bolt-on solutions rather than making it a core, integral part of the IoT design process. The interconnected nature of the IoT means that the approach has to change to a comprehensive one that includes all five functionalities defined by the National Institute of Standards and Technology: identification of risks, protection against attacks, detection of breaches, response to attacks, and recovery from attacks.
The current IoT infrastructure could have security gaps along the entire value chain. For example, cybersecurity testing might be limited in scope during the design stage or occur too late in the design process. As a result, security might not be sufficiently embedded, leading to potential gaps in the production stage. An IoT device’s upgradability would then be reliant on patches, and the device may struggle to stay up to date with the most recent security regulations and certifications.
Ideally, IoT-specific certification and standards will one day ensure that security is embedded, leading people to trust IoT devices and authorize machines to operate more autonomously. Given the differences in requirements of various use cases and industrial verticals, the future of cybersecurity in the IoT will likely feature a combination of traditional and bespoke tooling, as well as security-centric product design.
Traditionally, cybersecurity for enterprise IT has focused on confidentiality and integrity, while cybersecurity for operational technology has focused on availability. Our research suggests that the IoT requires a more holistic approach. Since cybersecurity risk for the IoT spans digital security to physical security, it’s essential to address the entire confidentiality, integrity, and availability (CIA) framework. Six key outcomes enable a secure IoT environment: data privacy and access under confidentiality, reliability and compliance under integrity, and uptime and resilience under availability (see sidebar “Expanding the cyber-risk framework for the IoT”).
Massive value at stake: Variations by industry
Although a baseline cybersecurity functionality is inherent to all IoT industrial verticals and use cases (such as avoidance of unauthorized access), the specific cybersecurity risks that each industry is addressing may vary by use case. For example, cybersecurity in remote patient monitoring in healthcare needs to prioritize confidentiality and availability, while the most important cybersecurity outcome in autonomous vehicles is availability, as operational disruptions could lead to safety hazards. Contactless payments for financial services depend heavily on data integrity.
In a 2030 baseline scenario, the TAM value for IoT suppliers across industries is $500 billion (Exhibit 2). The largest four industry verticals—manufacturing and industrial, mobility and transportation, healthcare, and smart cities—make up more than 65 percent of this total market. If cybersecurity risk were adequately managed, executives would spend an average of 20 to 40 percent more, amounting to $100 billion to $200 billion, in aggregate, on the IoT. Heightened levels of cybersecurity not only result in increased TAM for existing use cases but also create an environment for new and emerging use cases to thrive. As a result, there would be an estimated five to ten percentage points of additional value for IoT suppliers, equating to $25 billion to $50 billion. This implies a combined TAM value of $625 billion to $750 billion across industries for IoT suppliers.
Cybersecurity efforts can benefit all industries, but some are poised to tap the most IoT value (Exhibits 3 and 4). The industries with the highest cyber risk also have the highest value to be unlocked through improved cybersecurity practices. In a scenario in which cybersecurity risk is effectively addressed, manufacturing and industrial, healthcare, mobility and transportation, and smart-city sectors would have the highest additional spending on IoT applications. This article focuses on the latter three verticals, as industrial IoT has been discussed in multiple McKinsey articles.5A manufacturer’s guide to scaling Industrial IoT,” McKinsey, February 5, 2021, and Francisco Betti, Enno de Boer, and Yves Giraud, “Industry’s fast-mover advantage: Enterprise value from digital factories,” McKinsey, January 10, 2020. Based on the CIA cybersecurity criteria, each of these three sectors requires a different cybersecurity focus.
The limits of today’s IoT ecosystem
In the current, fragmented IoT ecosystem, providers sell customized IoT systems to industrial buyers. These systems feature IoT devices with embedded cybersecurity but don’t contain holistic cybersecurity functionality to protect the entire IoT value chain. Each IoT provider only has control over the protection of its systems and doesn’t play a role in the integration of its system with those from other providers.
As a result, IoT buyers take on the enormous responsibility of protecting the IoT value chain. They typically do so by partnering with cybersecurity vendors to provide add-on solutions. These tend to be enterprise-wide cybersecurity solutions rather than IoT-specific products, with additional security features bolted on later as needed.
Mind the gap: Disconnects exist between buyers and providers
IoT buyers and providers hold differing views on a variety of critical issues, including the expected pace of IoT adoption, concern about digital trust and privacy for IoT solutions, and the degree to which siloed decision making leads to IoT delays (Exhibit 5):
IoT buyers are more conservative than providers on the speed of IoT adoption. According to the B2B IoT Survey, this could be explained by the interoperability, integration, and cybersecurity challenges that buyers have wrestled with as they scale their IoT efforts.
Digital trust and privacy factor more in purchase decisions than providers realize. Of IoT buyers in the survey, 61 percent rank digital trust as a critical element of their purchase decision, while only 31 percent of IoT providers rank it as a critical element in their system design. Likewise for privacy: 61 percent of IoT buyers deem it critical, compared with 47 percent of providers.
IoT providers consider siloed decision making in industrial verticals to be a larger obstacle than buyers do. More than 80 percent of surveyed IoT providers express the view that siloed decision making between IoT and cybersecurity leaders on the buyer end is to blame for delayed IoT adoption. Conversely, only 42 percent of buyers share that view. Providers cite complex approval processes for cross-functional decisions and a lack of understanding of the risks and opportunities at the ground level as other bottlenecks hindering IoT adoption.
These disconnects contribute to the problems that IoT providers have in designing the systems that buyers need; likewise, they account for skepticism on adoption speed. Providers’ lower rankings of digital trust and privacy than buyers’ could stem from providers not sufficiently engaging with cybersecurity decision makers (such as chief information officers and chief information security officers). Thus, they have limited visibility on the need for additional trust, privacy, and security; moreover, they are uncertain how those elements will be paid for.
Silos perpetuate the status quo
At most IoT buyers, there are different decision makers for IoT and cybersecurity procurement (such as chief technology officer, chief information officer, and chief information security officer). Across these organizations, more executives and managers are involved in IoT procurement than in cybersecurity procurement. Additionally, 14 percent of respondents note that while business-unit heads are directly involved in IoT procurement, they have minimum involvement in cybersecurity decision making. This suggests that cybersecurity solutions have yet to be customized at the product level, let alone in an end-to-end manner that factors security into the full scope of the data architecture of the IoT use cases. With better visibility, chief information and information security officers can make better cybersecurity control decisions.
A more comprehensive approach, with IoT buyers and providers along the product value chain implementing cybersecurity by regulatory compliance, is optimal, as governments have been pushing for more holistic regulations to manage risks (such as International Organization for Standardization [ISO] rule ISO 21434 and the guidelines from the UN Economic Commission for Europe World Forum for Harmonization of Vehicle Regulations in the automotive industry). In today’s new use cases, buyers and providers rely on “handshake agreements” in which no clear delineation of cyberattack responsibilities exists. These agreements often result in players extending their IT cybersecurity to IoT applications through functionality add-ons. Increased IoT adoption and emerging cyberthreats will require rigorous regulatory compliance models to prevent any breaches.
Integration and beyond: Reaching true convergence
Most IoT systems today are designed for one-way data flow—from monitoring of sensors to data analysis—controlled by humans. As IoT cybersecurity transitions to a holistic, system-level approach that addresses the CIA framework, it can enable a change from systems that require operator input for data collection and data monitoring to IoT systems that need no human interface. This would mean a shift in how IoT solutions are designed and implemented. In the future, the industry could move to models in which IoT solutions are designed to operate on the basis of holistic self-trust. It would mark the convergence of cybersecurity and the IoT.
Convergence can happen at an architectural, parallel-design, or software-add-on level. At an architectural level, IoT solution providers build secured code into the backbone software across all tech stack layers (including firmware and hardware). At a parallel-design level, IoT solution providers and cybersecurity solution providers partner strategically throughout the IoT-system-design process (for example, from platform to cloud). With software add-ons, IoT solution providers install additional cybersecurity solutions to secure applications.
Integration can provide immediate benefits on the way to convergence
Despite current ecosystem bottlenecks—and those likely to appear on the path to full convergence—both IoT buyers and providers would benefit from more integrated IoT and cybersecurity solutions. These would reduce complexity in the IoT buyer–cybersecurity portfolio while making IoT buyers less prone to vulnerabilities across the IoT stack. IoT providers, in turn, would benefit from buyers having less concern around cybersecurity risk.
Cross-functional or cross-technological IoT and cybersecurity integration is emerging, partially driven by buyers’ demand for a holistic and seamless IoT experience. Close to 90 percent of buyers are reducing the number of cybersecurity solutions deployed in their organizations, driven by the desire to reduce procurement complexity. Another major reason for the emergence is that cloud migration presents a unique opportunity for enterprises to design more robust cybersecurity tooling.
Convergence will eventually unleash high-stakes IoT use cases
Practically, IoT–cybersecurity convergence and better solution designs can make identity and authentication a more seamless experience while adding the capability to block instead of only detect cyberattacks and cyber intrusions. A trust-based model would establish networks and devices in which interoperability standards would be defined to support much greater functionality. Imagine the ability to drop a new device into a network and have it immediately scanned, welcomed, and assigned a trust score. At the highest level, it could immediately start to operate, using data collected by other devices in that network. Examples are drones that leverage data from vehicles in a city and a building security system that’s informed by nearby emergency services to move into lockdown.
This new approach to cybersecurity would also provide the trust required to enable particular IoT use cases that involve personal, financial, and otherwise sensitive data, such as those that depend on credible transactions. Examples of the use cases benefiting from the approach are machine-to-machine car payments, touchless security enabled by camera recognition within the office, and real-time traffic management.
A cleansheet cybersecurity design would help enable the convergence, serving as an early-stage integration of cybersecurity into IoT systems, starting at the design of the IoT system and remaining operational from the pilot phase onward. This would greatly enhance the security of IoT systems. Today many OEMs fail to secure their systems and network completely in mass-production stages if the embedded security software isn’t deployed early during development. As IoT functions shift beyond the monitoring of use cases to autonomous control with less and less human interface, cybersecurity would also need to pivot from detect only to detect and block.
Many pain points need to be solved to achieve such a goal. First, substantial customization will be needed to integrate cybersecurity into legacy IoT infrastructure by industry or use case. This challenge is compounded by the lack of industry talent and support to take on this work. Additional integration challenges come from the high volume of suppliers and the complexity of the ecosystem (in which most systems aren’t compatible). Currently, there are multiple network connectivity standards, which also makes seamless experience harder to achieve. At the product level, there is the constant dilemma between achieving high performance and meeting strong cybersecurity requirements on smart devices that have limited computing capacity. This is all happening in conjunction with the growing urgency to solidify user confidence in digital trust and privacy.
Convergence is emerging
There is a strong realization that the IoT market needs to move from bolt-on to integrated cybersecurity solutions, resulting in multiple forms of convergence. In the current ecosystem, multiple players across the tech stack are already crossing territory between the IoT and cybersecurity (see sidebar “The IoT tech stack and cybersecurity solutions”). For instance, device and IoT solution providers are providing cybersecurity solutions for their IoT platforms through routine patch updates to remove vulnerabilities, and enterprise cybersecurity providers have developed IoT management and analytic platforms to complement their offerings.
Approximately 80 percent of surveyed IoT providers are embedding security in some form into their IoT products, and roughly 70 percent of cybersecurity providers are making IoT-specific products, indicating early signs of convergence. Notably, however, only 50 percent of providers are building more holistic solutions for both cybersecurity and the IoT, as it’s hard to create a one-size-fits-all solution for cybersecurity needs across different verticals and use cases. Specialized companies will continue to play a role in IoT and cybersecurity operations because of their differing functionality, their heterogenous operating systems, and the lack of standard interfaces and criteria across regions, industries, and requirements. Approximately 60 percent of providers are partnering with other companies to offer comprehensive IoT and cybersecurity solutions rather than building those capabilities in house.
Industry snapshots: Convergence prospects
To examine some examples of convergence of the IoT and cybersecurity, we can consider applications in the automotive, healthcare, and smart city contexts. Automotive IoT adoption is growing, with an estimated $100 billion 2030 market for IoT providers, and supported by future trends in the autonomous, connected, electric, and shared mobility space. Use cases range from in-car services such as autonomous driving to shared mobility. Likewise, in healthcare, IoT adoption is growing, with widescale deployment anticipated in three to five years and a projected 2030 provider market of $70 billion. Use cases include clinical applications such as robot-assisted surgery and consumer applications such as improving wellness. Smart cities, still at an early stage of IoT adoption, are headed to an estimated $30 billion IoT provider market by 2030 as adoption ramps up in public services, safety, and transportation.
Cybersecurity risk is at the forefront across industry verticals, so further expansion of solutions and innovation is needed to secure various outcomes in the key CIA framework. Vehicles are becoming “moving computers on wheels” that pose an exponentially higher challenge in cybersecurity availability, particularly in security resilience and system uptime to prevent collisions. In use cases such as autonomous driving, extremely high safety and security requirements are crucial. The healthcare space presents critical risk, both in patient privacy and data-driven care decisions; in fact, survey respondents rank it highest for cybersecurity impact among all verticals. As such, confidentiality and availability are the focus. For smart cities, the primary concern is data integrity, as the security solutions involve multiple stakeholders and cross-cutting natures. Implementing a comprehensive cybersecurity strategy is complicated by the lack of standardization in protocols and a gap in cybersecurity talent at city governments.
IoT–cybersecurity convergence has the potential to ease such pain points. In the automotive sector, there is currently a lack of consensus among internal stakeholders on balancing performance with security. This is compounded by complicated integration and interoperability, beckoning a move to a software-defined, domain-based architecture. Healthcare is experiencing limited visibility and control of IoT devices, which also tend to have low computing capacity for security software. These challenges are all complicated by varying cybersecurity standards in network protocols. Smart cities have strong interdependence upon a range of verticals, necessitating significant coordination, which runs up against market segmentation across city networks and use cases.
While the specifics of IoT and cybersecurity convergence differ for each industry, there are common elements. For the automotive space, it means cybersecurity built in at the component level and rigorously tested from initial boot to system interaction. Architectural-level cybersecurity will also be critical in the healthcare sector, with an increasing tendency toward embedded endpoint security.
Additionally, partnerships are also an important element of convergence across verticals. For example, automotive OEMs will partner with security providers and tier-one and -two suppliers to develop standards and establish clear lines of security responsibility. Convergence in smart cities will involve partnerships across verticals and government agencies to meet governments’ data reliability standards. Most city use cases are dependent upon other verticals (such as utilities), so convergence in any one of them could lead to convergence for cities.
The IoT is at a crossroads: provide incremental value in siloed clusters or unlock sizable value as an interconnected environment. When the IoT can make the transition to an integrated network within and across industrial verticals, it can provide a fully seamless industrial and consumer experience.
Cybersecurity is a key enabler, providing the trust to integrate IoT networks. As the IoT has exacerbated cybersecurity risk, ranging from digital to physical security, the convergence of IoT and cybersecurity solutions could accelerate adoption of the IoT. However, there are many challenges, including buyers’ high expectations for privacy and digital trust, siloed decision making for the IoT and cybersecurity, and the lack of industry-specific architectural security solutions at the design stage. If security risks are comprehensively managed, an additional $125 billion to $250 billion in IoT value captured by IoT suppliers could be unlocked, implying a $625 billion to $750 billion TAM value in 2030.
IoT and cybersecurity convergence should address IoT buyers’ concerns around digital trust and privacy, enable new use cases, and amplify adoption of existing ones. It will likely allow the IoT industry to adopt higher security standards, driven by government mandates. Convergence will be tailored for vertical needs rather than offer a one-size-fits-all solution, and it will span the entire tech stack rather than be a simple fix that applies only to a portion of the ecosystem.
A shared cybersecurity responsibility model will require strategic partnerships among IoT buyers, providers, and platform players. This presents an opportunity for providers of integrated solutions to consolidate today’s fragmented IoT and cybersecurity provider ecosystem. Still, this won’t be a winner-takes-all market environment. To maximize the opportunity for the IoT to play an increased role in many aspects of people’s lives, numerous players will have to work together to reduce risk, and numerous players will be in a position to reap the rewards.
Jeffrey Caso is an associate partner in McKinsey’s Washington, DC, office; Zina Cole is a partner in the New York office; Mark Patel is a senior partner in the Bay Area office; and Wendy Zhu is a consultant in the Denver office.
The authors wish to thank Ayman Al Issa, Rich Armour, Michael Chui, Sara Cinnamon, Mark Collins, Jeremy Eaton, Yvonne Ferrier, Bodo Koerber, Aamer Rao, Dan Tucker, Daniel Wallance, and Jonathan Woetzel for their contributions to this article.
This article was edited by Daniel Eisenberg, an executive editor in the New York office.
Explore a career with us

Stuttgart, Germany / Vancouver, Canada / Phoenix, United States, July 05, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --
Paladin Technologies is a leading provider of security and life safety solutions as well as system integration services in Canada and the US.
This purchase complements Bosch’s 2015 acquisition of Climatec, LLC,
with more than 1,000 associates in the US.
Paladin Technologies has over 1,500 associates and projected 2023 sales approaching USD 400 million across 35 offices.
Bosch Building Technologies expands its system integration business by entering the Canadian market and increasing its US operations.
Stuttgart, Germany / Vancouver, Canada / Phoenix, United States – Bosch plans to acquire Paladin Technologies, Inc., headquartered in Vancouver, Canada – a leading provider of security and life safety solutions and system integration services in North America. This purchase complements Bosch’s 2015 acquisition of Climatec, LLC, with more than 1,000 associates in the US. Climatec is part of Bosch Building Technologies and offers energy efficiency, building automation, security, and life safety solutions for the US market. The US is one of the largest and fastest growing markets for Bosch Building Technologies. Paladin Technologies employs around 1,500 associates across 35 locations in Canada and the US with projected 2023 sales approaching USD 400 million.
Corresponding agreements were signed by Bosch and Paladin Technologies on July 4, 2023. It has been agreed that the purchase price will not be disclosed. The acquisition is subject to approval by the relevant regulatory authorities. “Energy efficiency and security needs are driving factors for the modernization of commercial buildings, particularly in the North American market. These long-term trends have contributed to the growth of our subsidiary Climatec, which has significantly increased its sales and workforce since we acquired them in 2015. We want to continue Bosch’s success in the delivery of these vital services in the region, and helping make buildings greener, smarter, and safer,” says Christian Fischer, the deputy chairman of the Bosch board of management who is responsible for the company’s Energy and Building Technology and Consumer Goods business sectors.
Bosch Building Technologies is part of Bosch’s Energy and Building Technology business sector and reports strong growth with its energy- and cost-efficient commercial building and building services portfolio. The business sector including Bosch Building Technologies grew in 2022 by 17.4 percent.
Bosch Building Technologies expands its business in North America
“The acquisition of Paladin Technologies enables Bosch Building Technologies to significantly expand its system integration business in North America by entering the Canadian market and increasing its US operations. Paladin Technologies and Climatec have exciting opportunities to collaborate and bring comprehensive offers to our customers, building upon their respective market positions, strong brands, highly experienced leadership teams and the tremendous industry expertise of their employees,” says Thomas Quante, president of Bosch Building Technologies.
Bosch Building Technologies currently offers building automation, security, life safety, and energy efficiency services in the US with offices across Arizona, Texas, Nevada, California, New York, and New Jersey. “I’ve always respected Bosch’s long-term business focus, its over 100-year reputation for innovation and its private ownership structure, in which the majority shareholder is a charitable foundation. We’ve also been impressed by the success of Bosch’s building services growth in the USA and look forward to succeeding together as we build upon our shared values of innovation, teamwork, and the development of our people,” says Ted Reid, CEO of Paladin Technologies.
Paladin Technologies, part of the Paladin Group of Companies founded in 1976 in Vancouver, is a leading provider of security and life safety solutions and system integration services. The company serves the entire Canadian market with 18 offices and the US market with 17 offices across New York, Texas, California, the Southwest, Pacific Northwest and Midwest regions. The company’s portfolio comprises video surveillance, access control and intrusion detection as well as network infrastructure, monitoring, and advanced audio-visual solutions. Paladin Technologies will continue to offer customized building solutions built upon the best technologies available from their product partners. “I’m excited for the opportunity to work with Ted and the Paladin Technologies team as we expand our services across North America. It was clear from our first meeting that our companies share a common customer and employee-focused culture with a tremendous passion for delivering safe, secure, and efficient building solutions,” said Mauro Lima Vaz, Senior Vice President of Bosch Integration Business for North America and CEO of Climatec.
Portfolios of both companies complement each other perfectly
With its market presence in Canada and key metropolitan areas in the US, Paladin Technologies is an ideal addition to Bosch’s system integration business. For instance, Paladin Technologies is responsible for the design and installation of security systems for Royal Columbian Hospital, enhancing patient experiences, while maintaining the continuity of the hospital services as it is one of only two trauma centers within the province. Further, Paladin Technologies protects the assets of Cargill facilities, an international provider of food, agriculture, financial and industrial products and services. Paladin Technologies serves Cargill across multiple provinces and states. Through Climatec, Bosch implements highly innovative projects across the North American market. For example, The Spiral, a premier office high-rise skyscraper in New York City, which Climatec equipped with an advanced building automation system – a smart and green building offering the highest quality of life for its occupants. Another example is the City of Ontario, California, for which Climatec has implemented significant building modernization and renewable energy systems that saves the city millions in utility and operating costs.
Contact persons for press inquiries:
Bosch:
Dörthe Warnk
Phone: +49 711 811-55508
Mail: doerthe.warnk@de.bosch.com
Climatec:
Jill Boileau
Phone: +1(602) 999-4557
Mail: JillB@Climatec.com
Paladin Technologies:
Stephanie Whalen
Phone: +1(604) 787-5959
Mail: swhalen@paladintechnologies.com
About Bosch Group:
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 421,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2022). The company generated sales of 88.2 billion euros in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses
its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 470 subsidiary and regional companies in over 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 136 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 85,500 associates in research and development, of which nearly 44,000 are software engineers.
The company was set up in Stuttgart in 1886 by Robert Bosch (1861–1942) as “Workshop for Precision Mechanics and Electrical Engineering.” The special ownership structure of Robert Bosch GmbH guarantees the entrepreneurial freedom of the Bosch Group, making it possible for the company to plan over the long term and to undertake significant upfront investments in the safeguarding of its future. Ninety-four percent of the share capital of Robert Bosch GmbH is held by Robert Bosch Stiftung GmbH, a charitable foundation. The remaining shares are held by Robert Bosch GmbH and by a corporation owned by the Bosch family. The majority
of voting rights are held by Robert Bosch Industrietreuhand KG, an industrial trust. The entrepreneurial ownership functions are carried out by the trust.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPress
About Climatec:
A Bosch Company: For over 40 years, Climatec has steadily invested in the people, technology, and services needed to be its customers’ trusted business partner. Today, Climatec is one of the leading providers of building technology and energy solutions in the nation with over 1,000 associates across Arizona, California, Nevada, New Jersey, New York and Texas. Climatec’s technology partners include the world’s leading suppliers of building automation, security and life safety, and energy efficiency technologies. And since 2015, Climatec has proudly been part of the Robert Bosch group of companies. For further information see www.climatec.com.
About Paladin Technologies:
Paladin Technologies is a premiere building systems integrator operating across North America. As a leader in the design, deployment, optimization, management, and maintenance of security, communication, audio visual systems and digital networks, Paladin Technologies is driven by a strong corporate culture and a vision of innovation through teamwork. Paladin Technologies designs and deploys sophisticated solutions for clients on a national scale, while providing expert local support with over 1,500 associates in 35 offices across Canada and the US. For further information see paladintechnologies.com.
Climatec, a Bosch company
Paladin Technologies
Climatec, a Bosch company The planned acquisition of Paladin Technologies complements Bosch’s 2015 acquisition of Climatec, LL... Paladin Technologies Bosch plans to acquire Paladin Technologies, Inc., headquartered in Vancouver, Canada – a leading pr...

Roseville, California, Sept. 01, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --
Former TSI in Roseville now part of Robert Bosch Semiconductor LLC
Semiconductor industry specialist Thorsten Scheer is heading the new organization as plant manager of Roseville and regional president of the Bosch Automotive Electronics division in North America
California Competes Tax Credit incentive of $25 million approved as part of funding opportunities to support planned $1.5 billion investment into the site by Bosch
Bosch has completed the acquisition of assets of the U.S. chipmaker TSI Semiconductors Corporation (TSI Semiconductors), based in Roseville, California, on August 31, 2023. The new company is called Robert Bosch Semiconductor LLC.
In April 2023, Bosch announced its intention to acquire certain assets of TSI Semiconductors. With this acquisition, Bosch is establishing significant manufacturing capacity in an important market. Starting in 2026, the first chips will be produced on 200-millimeter wafers based on the innovative material silicon carbide (SiC). Bosch plans to invest some $1.5 billion to transform the Roseville site into a facility that produces and tests silicon carbide semiconductors, which are a key building blocks for electric vehicles.
“We are systematically reinforcing our global portfolio of SiC chips to advance electromobility,” said Michael Budde, President Bosch Automotive Electronics. “In electric vehicles, SiC chips enable greater range and more efficient recharging, as they use up to 50 percent less energy. The investment clearly shows our commitment in this strategically important field.”
“By extending our semiconductor operations, we are strengthening our local presence in an important market for high efficiency electronic solutions" said Paul Thomas, who will assume the role of president, Americas for Bosch Mobility beginning January 2024. “The location in Roseville will reinforce the Bosch semiconductor business and expand our international semiconductor manufacturing network.”
The approximately 250 local associates in Roseville are now part of the global Bosch family. The Roseville location has extensive experience in the design and production of semiconductors for automotive and industrial applications for nearly 40 years. Production will be built up gradually and we expect the Roseville location to grow.
Thorsten Scheer, a semiconductor industry specialist with 10 years of professional experience in the sensor business, is heading the new organization as plant manager in Roseville and regional president of the Bosch Automotive Electronics division in North America. In this role, he integrates the Roseville site into Bosch's international semiconductor manufacturing network and manages the transformation of the plant into a production facility for silicon carbide chips. Here, Thorsten Scheer builds on his broad experience in various leadership positions for Bosch in Germany, Hungary, and the U.S., and in particular his expertise in post-merger integration. Thorsten Scheer is a physicist and holds a doctorate in economics.
“The semiconductor experts in Roseville and the existing clean-room facilities will allow us to manufacture SiC chips for electromobility on an even larger scale,” said Thorsten Scheer. “This is an amazing opportunity to be at the forefront of one of the most exciting developments in the technology sector, together with a dedicated and experienced team.”
Systematic investments in pivotal semiconductor technology
Over the next years, Bosch intends to invest more than $1.5 billion USD in the Roseville site and upgrade the manufacturing facilities to state-of-the-art processes. The full scope of the planned investment will be heavily dependent on federal funding opportunities. Bosch intends to apply for federal funding under the CHIPS and Science Act and already the Governor’s Office of Business & Economic Development (GO-Biz) approved a $25 million California Competes Tax Credit incentive that will support redevelopment and investment in Roseville.
“Bosch looks forward to a strong, long-term partnership with the City of Roseville, Placer County and the State of California,” Scheer said.
Press photo/s:
Aerial footage of Roseville, CA facility: https://www.bosch-presse.de/pressportal/de/en/video-253957.html
View of Bosch semiconductor plant in Reutlingen, Germany: https://www.bosch-presse.de/pressportal/de/en/current-view-of-the-semiconductor-production-in-reutlingen-237957.html
Photo of Bosch semiconductor production in Reutlingen, Germany: https://www.bosch-presse.de/pressportal/de/en/4000-square-meters-of-new-clean-room-space-to-be-built-in-reutlingen-by-the-end-of-2023-234439.html
About Bosch
Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15.1 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico in 2022. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 421,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2022). The company generated sales of $93.1 billion in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 470 subsidiary and regional companies in over 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 136 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 85,500 associates in research and development, of which nearly 44,000 are software engineers.
The company was set up in Stuttgart in 1886 by Robert Bosch (1861–1942) as “Workshop for Precision Mechanics and Electrical Engineering.” The special ownership structure of Robert Bosch GmbH guarantees the entrepreneurial freedom of the Bosch Group, making it possible for the company to plan over the long term and to undertake significant upfront investments in the safeguarding of its future. Ninety-four percent of the share capital of Robert Bosch GmbH is held by Robert Bosch Stiftung GmbH, a charitable foundation. The remaining shares are held by Robert Bosch GmbH and by a corporation owned by the Bosch family. The majority of voting rights are held by Robert Bosch Industrietreuhand KG, an industrial trust. The entrepreneurial ownership functions are carried out by the trust.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPress

Exchange rate: 1 EUR = 1.0538
Thorsten Scheer
Thorsten Scheer Thorsten Scheer, a semiconductor industry specialist with 10 years of professional experience in the...

Sorry, the Requested Page Was Not Found.
The page you requested may have been moved, or is no longer available.

Stuttgart, Germany – WEBWIRE – Monday, November 6, 2023
Collaboration in addition to investment: Bosch and Aleph Alpha aim to benefit from each other�s expertise.
Strong consortium of new and existing investors participates in the Series B round.
Aleph Alpha provides software solutions with explainable and trustworthy generative AI for companies and administrative bodies.
Funding will enable Aleph Alpha to take its pioneering research and development of generative AI further.
Dr. Tanja R�ckert, member of the board of management: �Generative AI is an innovation booster and can change the industry, similar to the invention of the computer.�
Bosch Ventures, the Bosch Group�s corporate venture capital unit, is co-leading the Series-B investment round in the AI startup Aleph Alpha together with companies from the Schwarz Group and the Innovation Park AI (Ipai) in Heilbronn, Germany. Aleph Alpha will receive more than USD 500 million in funding from a strong industry consortium comprising seven new investors, existing investors are joining the oversubscribed round. Thanks to this financial support, the startup will have even better opportunities to take its AI research further and to accelerate the development and commercialization of generative AI in complex and critical applications in areas such as manufacturing, healthcare, finance, law, government, and security.
�Generative AI is ushering in a new era of collaboration between humans and machines. Our partners are industry leaders who offer enormous potential for innovation and scaling, and we are committed to building these partnerships to leading positions in their respective industries. Our unique technology�s explainability and trustworthiness plays a crucial role in this,� says Aleph Alpha founder and CEO Jonas Andrulis. Based on the proprietary research and development of large language models, Aleph Alpha offers generative AI solutions for critical and complex application areas in companies and public institutions.
Focus on trustworthy AI
As one of Europe�s largest corporate venture capital investors, Bosch Ventures specializes in investments in innovative technology startups. Its active portfolio includes more than 60 companies in several fields, mainly AI, the internet of things (AIoT), semiconductors, and quantum computing. �We firmly believe that generative AI has the potential to change many sectors of industry, so we have high hopes for future developments from Aleph Alpha with a focus on trustworthy and explainable AI solutions,� says Dr. Ingo Ramesohl, managing director of Bosch Ventures.
The consortium is led by Bosch Ventures, the Innovation Park Artificial Intelligence (Ipai), and the companies of the Schwarz Group. Other new investors include the Berlin-based Christ & Company Consulting, the U.S. edge-to-cloud company Hewlett Packard Enterprise, the German software company SAP, and Burda Principal Investments. Existing institutional investors are also participating and make up the rest of the oversubscribed round.
Generative AI is a key technology and innovation boost
Generative AI offers a huge increase in productivity. It allows people to use natural language to consolidate complex information from different sources. Thanks to generative AI, even non-IT-savvy users will find it easy to deal with IT systems and use it for tasks such as retrieving production data from an IT system. Interaction in natural language enables a much broader impact - AI is no longer a topic only for experts. What makes these new models especially powerful compared to previous AI models is that they are trained on vast amounts of data. �Generative AI is a boost to innovation. It can transform industry in much the same way as the invention of the computer,� says Dr. Tanja R�ckert, member of the Bosch board of management. �Actively developing generative AI will be crucial for Europe�s technological sovereignty. That�s why we at Bosch are opening up areas of application and business models and playing a key role in shaping this technology in collaboration with other companies.�
Collaboration with Aleph Alpha
In addition to the investment by Bosch Ventures, Bosch plans to tap the potential of generative AI in a more direct partnership with Aleph Alpha. Together, the two companies aim to jointly implement new use cases for Bosch associates and customers alike, using the strengths specific to Aleph Alpha. The aim is to make this an enduring partnership. Bosch and Aleph Alpha want to learn from each other, benefit from each other�s know-how, and work together on cross-domain use cases. Aleph Alpha�s solutions can also be operated in Bosch�s own data centers and thus on Bosch�s own hardware. This means greater security for confidential data. In addition to Aleph Alpha, Bosch is working on generative AI with Microsoft, Google, and AWS.
###
Basic information
Robert Bosch Venture Capital GmbH (RBVC) is the corporate venture capital company of the Bosch Group, a leading global supplier of technology and services. RBVC invests worldwide in innovative start-up companies at all stages of their development. Its investment activities focus on technology companies working in areas of business of current and future relevance for Bosch, above all, automation and electrification, energy efficiency, enabling technologies, and healthcare systems. RBVC also invests in services and business models that are relevant to the above-mentioned areas of business. Furthermore, RBVC enables co-innovation between Bosch and startup through the Open Bosch Program.
Additional information is available at�www.rbvc.com
The Bosch Group�is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 421,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2022). The company generated sales of 88.2 billion euros in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group�s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is �Invented for life.� The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 470 subsidiary and regional companies in over 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch�s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. The basis for the company�s future growth is its innovative strength. At 136 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 85,500 associates in research and development, of which nearly 44,000 are software engineers.
Additional information is available online at�www.bosch.com
( Press Release Image: https://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/6/313623/313623-1.jpg )
WebWireID313623

This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted.
News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire.

Reliable and easy-to-use crop protection sprayer for smart farming use
Effective weed management to provide optimum crop protection
Pinpoint herbicide application to support EU pesticide reduction targets

Buxtehude/Cologne, Germany – The Smart Spraying Solution from Bosch BASF Smart Farming will enter first series production at Herbert Dammann GmbH as of March.
Combining Bosch’s high-tech camera sensor technology and software, with the advanced digital agronomic decision engine of xarvio® Digital Farming Solutions, the Smart Spraying Solution will be integrated into Dammann’s range of intelligent crop protection sprayers. Available initially in Germany and Hungary, Dammann’s first crop protection sprayer for practical use featuring the unique weed management system is expected to be delivered in the spring.
"Farmers now have a reliable field sprayer at their disposal that provides optimum protection for crops, while being easy to operate and ready for immediate use," says Florian Gwosdz, Co-Managing Director of Bosch BASF Smart Farming.
The Smart Spraying Solution offers real-time, automated weed detection and precision spraying both on pre-emergence (“green-on-brown”) and post-emergence (“green-on-green”). As the sprayer passes over a field, the system in milliseconds distinguishes crops from weeds and controls individual spray nozzles with pinpoint accuracy. This ensures herbicide is applied in the right dose and only where it is needed. In addition, with its connection to the xarvio FIELD MANAGER platform, the system also offers farmers actionable insights and digital tools such as customized agronomic recommendations, weed distribution and as-applied maps, automated sensitivity levels and easy-to-use documentation that can be used for reporting purposes.
Konstantin Kretschun, Co-Managing Director of Bosch BASF Smart Farming, adds: "Introducing the Smart Spraying Solution to farmers in Germany and Hungary is an important achievement and step towards optimizing crop protection use. It also helps ensure future legal requirements and EU pesticide reduction targets are met.”
Delivering efficiency and supporting sustainable farming
Bosch BASF Smart Farming is the joint venture responsible for marketing and commercializing the Smart Spraying Solution technology worldwide. Global field trials in various locations under different agronomic conditions have shown that the Smart Spraying Solution delivers a more efficient use of herbicide without compromising weed control. This supports sustainable farming and improves resource efficiency, while helping to reduce environmental impacts.
"By integrating the Smart Spraying Solution from Bosch BASF Smart Farming with our intelligent field sprayers, we want to offer farmers an innovative technology for optimal weed management in the future. Only as much herbicide as necessary and as little as possible needs to be sprayed – this pays off financially as well as ecologically. This confirms our commitment to be at the forefront of innovation in European agriculture," says Nadine Dammann, Managing Director of Dammann GmbH.
More information:
https://www.smartfarming.ag/
https://www.youtube.com/@boschbasfsmartfarming
About Bosch BASF Smart Farming
Bosch BASF Smart Farming – a joint venture of Bosch and BASF – was established in 2021 to combine the best of two worlds: with the agronomic know-how from BASF and hardware expertise from Bosch, we create the farming of tomorrow, today. Combining precision technology, digital tools, and agronomic intelligence, we offer smart farming solutions that really work to make agriculture more productive, profitable, and sustainable. More information at: www.smartfarming.ag
About xarvio® Digital Farming Solutions – a brand by BASF Digital Farming GmbH
xarvio® Digital Farming Solutions is at the forefront of the digital transformation of agriculture, optimizing crop production. xarvio® offers digital products, based on a global leading crop modelling platform. The technology delivers independent, field-zone-specific agronomic advice that enables farmers to produce their crops most efficiently and sustainably. The products - xarvio® SCOUTING, xarvio® FIELD MANAGER and xarvio® HEALTHY FIELDS are used by farmers in more than 100 countries worldwide. More than 100,000 farmers and consultants have signed-up for xarvio® FIELD MANAGER, setting-up a field area greater than 16 million hectares in 14 countries. xarvio® SCOUTING has been downloaded by more than 7 million users. For more information please visit www.xarvio.com or any of our social media channels.
About BASF’s Agricultural Solutions division
Farming is fundamental to provide enough healthy and affordable food for a rapidly growing population while reducing environmental impacts. Working with partners and agricultural experts and by integrating sustainability criteria into all business decisions, we help farmers to create a positive impact on sustainable agriculture. That’s why we invest in a strong R&D pipeline, connecting innovative thinking with practical action in the field. Our portfolio comprises seeds and specifically selected plant traits, chemical and biological crop protection, solutions for soil management, plant health, pest control and digital farming. With expert teams in the lab, field, office and in production, we strive to find the right balance for success – for farmers, agriculture and future generations. In 2022, our division generated sales of €10.3 billion. For more information, please visit www.agriculture.basf.com or any of our social media channels.
About Bosch Group Mobility Solutions
Mobility Solutions is the largest division of the Bosch Group. In 2019, it contributed with 46.8 billion euros, accounted for 60 percent of operating sales. This makes the technology company one of the leading suppliers to the automotive industry. The Mobility Solutions division pursues the vision of safe, sustainable and inspiring mobility of the future and bundles its competencies in the domains of personalization, automation and mobility management. electrification and networking. The division offers its customers integrated mobility solutions. The main business areas are: Injection technology and auxiliary units for combustion engines as well as a wide range of solutions for powertrain electrification, vehicle safety systems, assistance and automation functions, Technology for user-friendly infotainment and communication across vehicles, workshop concepts as well as technology and service for the automotive trade. Important automotive innovations such as electronic engine management, anti-skid ESP, or common-rail diesel technology come from Bosch.
The Bosch Group is a leading international technology and service company with some 400,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2019). In fiscal year 2019, it generated sales of 77.7 billion euros. Its activities are divided into the four business sectors Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading provider in the Internet of Things (IoT), Bosch offers innovative solutions for Smart Home, Industry 4.0, and Connected Mobility. Bosch is pursuing the vision of sustainable, safe, and exciting mobility.
With its expertise in sensor technology, software and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, the company can offer its customers networked and cross-domain solutions from a single source. The strategic goal of the Bosch Group is to provide solutions and products for networked life that either have artificial intelligence (AI) or are developed or produced with their help. With innovative and inspiring products and services, Bosch improves the quality of life of people all over the world.
Bosch offers "Invented for life. The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiaries and regional companies in 60 countries. Including trading and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, development, and sales network covers almost every country in the world. The basis for future growth is the innovative strength of the company. Bosch employs some 72,600 associates in research and development at 126 locations worldwide. The company employs some 30,000 software developers.
More information is available at www.bosch.com, iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-presse.de, twitter.com/BoschPress.
P-23-128

Farmington Hills, Mich, May 24, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --
New structure provides deeper focus on regional growth and customer orientation
Paul Thomas, Mohammed Abraham, Gaston Diaz and Hanns Bernd Ketteler comprise Bosch Mobility Americas regional board
Americas is a key market for Bosch Mobility; plans to expand upon $10 billion in sales achieved in 2022
Bosch announced newly structured Bosch Mobility sector beginning in January 2024
Today Bosch announced a new regional board to oversee its mobility business in North and South America, led by Paul Thomas as president of the Americas for Bosch Mobility. Bosch, which is the largest automotive supplier in the world according to independent rankings, recently announced a realignment of its global mobility business beginning in January 2024 as Bosch Mobility. A major focus of the realignment is strengthening the regions to serve existing and new customer needs even better and faster with customized technologies and solutions.
Beginning January 2024, Paul Thomas will step into the new role of president, Americas and lead the Bosch Mobility Americas regional board. Thomas will oversee technology, strategy, and sales for the Americas region.
“Paul has a proven track record of driving growth in our mobility business. His leadership will be critical to help us support our customers and reach our potential in a key growth region for Bosch globally,” said Mike Mansuetti, president of Bosch in North America. Mansuetti continues in his role leading Bosch growth across all four of the company’s sectors in North America, a portfolio with $15.3 billion in 2022 sales.
Thomas currently serves as executive vice president of Mobility Solutions, Americas where he is responsible for sales, marketing and quality for the region’s $10 billion mobility business. He is also globally responsible for Bosch business with Ford Motor Company. He has more than 25 years of mobility experience and has held senior leadership positions in the areas of sales, production control, logistics, manufacturing and business unit management. His global leadership experience while at Bosch includes several years abroad in Germany, as well as responsibilities in the areas of global product development and global commercial sales. Thomas completed an immersive management regimen at Carnegie Mellon University, with a distinct focus on innovation and the management of global teams.
“Bosch brings a rich history and expertise in both the software and hardware domains,” said Paul Thomas. “Our broad portfolio enables us to bring customers technology-neutral solutions which are essential for supporting a variety of approaches across North and South America.”
Mobility business structured to support market trends
The structure of Bosch Mobility recognizes the increased focus on and impact of software on the vehicle. The automotive software market is likely to reach a volume of significantly more than $200 billion by 2030. Bosch already has four decades of experience developing vehicle software in-house and already more than half of its R&D associates globally for the mobility business are software engineers. The new structure builds on the company’s long history in software while adapting for emerging market trends.
From a functional standpoint, the individual divisions of the business sector will be reorganized effective January 1, 2024. All divisions will be given horizontal, cross-divisional responsibilities as well. The aim for this new structure is that Bosch Mobility will generate sales revenue of more than $84 billion worldwide by 2029, a more than 50 percent increase from 2022.
Bosch Mobility will be organized into seven divisions:
Electrified Motion will be concerned with everything relating to electric motors, from the Bosch e-axle to seat adjusters.
Vehicle Motion will deal with vehicle dynamics, from ABS and ESP to steering.
Power Solutions will handle combustion-engine technology, mobile and stationary fuel cells, electrolyzers and hydrogen engines.
Cross-Domain Computing Solutions will develop solutions for areas ranging from automated parking to driver assistance and automated driving.
Mobility Electronics will drive forward the development of control units and manage in-house semiconductor activities at Bosch.
Mobility Aftermarket will deal with the secondary parts market and the Bosch Car Service workshop franchise.
E-Bike Systems will supply systems solutions – comprising drive units, rechargeable batteries, ABS, and connected displays – for e-bikes.
The Bosch subsidiary ETAS will be given horizontal responsibility for hardware-agnostic software for operating systems and engineering tools.
Regional board will focus on driving growth in the Americas
To complement the new business structure, regional boards support the global divisions of Bosch Mobility by recognizing the unique factors in different regions, including customer needs, supply chains, regulations and talent sustainability. The Bosch Mobility Americas board, which interfaces directly with the global sector board for Bosch Mobility, is tasked to lead growth in a key market for Bosch, building upon the $10 billion of mobility sales generated in the Americas region in 2022. As president, Paul Thomas will lead the four-person regional board for Bosch Mobility Americas:
Mohammed Abraham will be responsible for Bosch Mobility Americas commercial affairs, including finance and controlling, and will also serve as regional president of the Vehicle Motion division for North America. Abraham has more than 20 years of international executive experience, focusing on creating sustainable profitable growth and developing strong leadership teams with an emphasis on high performance. He currently serves as regional president of the Chassis Systems Control division in North America and previously held several global leadership positions, including as a member of the global executive management team for the company’s Chassis Systems Control division.
Gaston Diaz Perez will be responsible for Bosch Mobility activities in Latin America. Perez, who also serves as president of Bosch in Latin America, previously held the position of regional president of Bosch in Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, and Paraguay as well as executive vice president of Bosch Latin America. He has held international financial and commercial leadership positions in Argentina, Spain, Brazil and Germany since joining Bosch in 2000.
Hanns Bernd Ketteler will lead operations for Bosch Mobility Americas, including responsibility for all mobility manufacturing sites in the Americas region. Ketteler has spent nearly three decades supporting global programs and products spanning across the Mobility Solutions portfolio of Bosch. Most recently, he served as a member of the global executive management team for the Automotive Steering division of Bosch.
About Bosch
Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15.1 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico in 2022. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 421,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2022). The company generated sales of 88.2 billion euros in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 470 subsidiary and regional companies in over 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 136 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 85,500 associates in research and development, of which nearly 44,000 are software engineers.
The company was set up in Stuttgart in 1886 by Robert Bosch (1861–1942) as “Workshop for Precision Mechanics and Electrical Engineering.” The special ownership structure of Robert Bosch GmbH guarantees the entrepreneurial freedom of the Bosch Group, making it possible for the company to plan over the long term and to undertake significant upfront investments in the safeguarding of its future. Ninety-four percent of the share capital of Robert Bosch GmbH is held by Robert Bosch Stiftung GmbH, a charitable foundation. The remaining shares are held by Robert Bosch GmbH and by a corporation owned by the Bosch family. The majority of voting rights are held by Robert Bosch Industrietreuhand KG, an industrial trust. The entrepreneurial ownership functions are carried out by the trust.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPress
Exchange rate: 1 EUR = 1.0538
Paul Thomas
Paul Thomas President of the Americas for Bosch Mobility

Wilmington, Delaware, Oct. 30, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- According to RationalStat’s most recent industry analysis, the Global Location Intelligence Market is valued at a market size of US$ 20.4 billion in 2023 and is expected to rise at a strong CAGR of over 14.8% over the forecast period of 2023-2030.

Market Definition, Market Scope, and Report Overview
Location intelligence, also known as spatial intelligence or geographic intelligence, is the process of extracting relevant insights from geospatial data to help businesses and organizations make decisions. It entails analyzing and visualizing data points in geographic or spatial settings, offering useful information about the link between locations, and assisting businesses in understanding patterns, trends, and opportunities based on specific geographic areas.
Demand for Location Intelligence solutions is expanding globally as organizations increasingly recognize the significance of Location Intelligence in attaining a competitive advantage. The capacity to make data-driven decisions based on location insights is becoming increasingly important across industries, fueling the global rise of the Location Intelligence market.
According to a deep-dive market assessment by RationalStat, the global Location Intelligence market has been analyzed on the basis of market segments, including location, application and geography/regions (including North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Middle East & Africa, and Asia Pacific). The report also offers global and regional market sizing for the historical period of 2019-2022 and the forecast period of 2023-2030.
Market intelligence for the global Location Intelligence market covers market sizes on the basis of market value (US$/EUR Million) and volume (Units) by various products/services/equipment, demand assessment across the key regions, customer sentiments, price points, cost structures, margin analysis across the value chain, financial assessments, historical and forecast data, key developments across the industry, import-export data, trade overview, components market by leading companies, etc.
In addition, the long-term sector and products/services 10-year outlook and its implications on the global Location Intelligence market. It also includes the industry's current state – Production Levels, Capacity Utilization, Tech quotient, etc. Key information will be manufacturing capacity by country, installed base, import volumes, market size, key players, market size, dynamics, market data, insights, etc.
Request A Customization- https://store.rationalstat.com/store/global-location-intelligence-market/#tab-ux_global_tab
Global Location Intelligence Market: Segmental and Market Share Analysis
On the basis of application, over the forecast period, the sales and marketing optimization segment is expected to increase at the fastest rate. The solution to retail difficulties, such as store sales projections, drive time & distance profiling, network optimization & scenario modelling, site selection planning, franchise area evaluation & overlap analysis, sales & market share analysis, is driving segment growth.
Report Synopsis
Report Metrics 	Details
Base Year 	2023
Forecast Period 	2023-2030
Base Year Market Size 	US$ 20.4 billion
Market Size Forecast 	US$ 53.7 billion
Growth Rate 	14.8%
Dominant Segment 	Sales and marketing optimization
Dominant Region 	North America
Key Market Drivers
Real-time data analysis
Adoption of smart technologies
Advanced mapping and visualization techniques

Companies Profiled
Autodesk, Inc.
Bosch Software Innovations GmbH
ESRI
HERE Technologies
MDA Corp
Navizon, Inc.
Pitney Bowes, Inc.
Qualcomm Technologies Inc.
Supermap Software Co. Ltd.
Tibco Software Inc.

Explore more about this report- https://store.rationalstat.com/store/global-location-intelligence-market/#tab-ux_global_tab
Competition Analysis and Market Structure
Some leading players adopt various strategies in order to reinforce their market share and gain a competitive edge over other competitors in the market. Mergers & acquisitions, partnerships and collaborations, and product launches are some of the strategies followed by industry players. Some of the key developments in the global Location Intelligence market include,
In July 2023, HERE Anonymizer, an enterprise-grade location data anonymization tool for self-hosted environments, was introduced by HERE Technologies. This cutting-edge technology handles both historical and real-time location data while maintaining data privacy.
In July 2023, Trimble announced the release of the Trimble Terra Office add-in. This cutting-edge technology is part of Trimble's TerraOffice desktop solution package for integrating TerraFlex field data collecting software with GIS systems of record, emphasizing the critical importance of location intelligence capabilities.
Some of the prominent players and suppliers operating and contributing significantly to the global Location Intelligence market growth include Autodesk, Inc., Bosch Software Innovations GmbH, ESRI, HERE Technologies, MDA Corp, Navizon, Inc., Pitney Bowes, Inc., Qualcomm Technologies Inc., Supermap Software Co. Ltd., and Tibco Software Inc., among others.
Get A Free Sample- https://store.rationalstat.com/store/global-location-intelligence-market/#tab-ux_global_tab
RationalStat has segmented the global Location Intelligence market based on location, application, and region.
Global Location Intelligence Market Value (US$ Million), Volume (Units), and Market Share (2019-2030) Analysis by Location
Indoor
Outdoor
Global Location Intelligence Market Value (US$ Million), Volume (Units), and Market Share (2019-2030) Analysis by Application
Workforce Management
Asset Management
Facility Management
Risk Management
Remote Monitoring
Sales & Marketing Optimization
Customer Management
Others
Global Location Intelligence Market Value (US$ Million), Volume (Units), and Market Share (2019-2030) Analysis by Region
North America Location Intelligence Market
US
Canada
Latin America Location Intelligence Market
Brazil
Mexico
Rest of Latin America
Western Europe Location Intelligence Market
Germany
UK
France
Spain
Italy
Benelux
Nordic
Rest of Western Europe
Eastern Europe Location Intelligence Market
Russia
Poland
Hungary
Other CIS Countries
Rest of Eastern Europe
Asia Pacific Location Intelligence Market
China
Japan
India
South Korea
Australia
ASEAN
Indonesia
Thailand
Philippines
Vietnam
Malaysia
Rest of ASEAN
Rest of Asia Pacific
Middle East & Africa Location Intelligence Market
GCC
Saudi Arabia (KSA)
United Arab Emirates (UAE)
Rest of the GCC
South Africa
Nigeria
Turkey
Rest of the Middle East & Africa
For more information about this report- https://store.rationalstat.com/store/global-location-intelligence-market/#tab-ux_global_tab
Key Questions Answered in the Location Intelligence Report:
What will be the market value of the global Location Intelligence market by 2030?
What is the market size of the global Location Intelligence market?
What are the market drivers of the global Location Intelligence market?
What are the key trends in the global Location Intelligence market?
Which is the leading region in the global Location Intelligence market?
What are the major companies operating in the global Location Intelligence market?
What are the market shares by key segments in the global Location Intelligence market?
Running a year End discount of 20%-https://store.rationalstat.com/store/global-location-intelligence-market/#tab-ux_global_tab
Explore Our Trending Reports
Global Virtual Router Market- global Virtual Router Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 23.2% over the forecast period of 2022-2028.
Global Fiber Optics Gyroscope Market- global Fiber Optics Gyroscope Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.4% over the forecast period of 2022-2028.
Global Data Storage Market- global Data Storage Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 25.8% over the forecast period of 2022-2028
Global Data Center Power Management Market- global Data Center Power Management Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 8% over the forecast period of 2022-2028
Global Data Center Services Market- global data center services market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 12% during the forecast period of 2023-2028 and was valued at around US$ 14 billion in 2022.
Global Networking Support Services Market- global networking support services market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 5% during the forecast period of 2023-2028 and was valued at around US$ 680 billion in 2022.
Global LEO Satellite Communications System Market- global LEO Satellite Communications System Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 15.4% over the forecast period of 2022-2028.
Global IoT Platforms Market- global IoT Platforms Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 15.2% over the forecast period of 2022-2028.
Global IoT in Aviation Market- global IoT in Aviation Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 20.5% over the forecast period of 2022-2028.
Global Cellular Broadband Device Market- global Cellular Broadband Device Market is expected to grow at a significant CAGR of 5.6% over the forecast period of 2022-2028.
Research Methodology
RationalStat has developed a state-of-the-art research methodology to crunch numbers and provide the best possible real-time insights to clients. We combine a varied range of industry experience, data analytics, and experts’ viewpoint to create a research methodology for market sizing and forecasting.
RationalStat combines a mix of secondary sources as well as primary research to assess the market size and develop a forecast. Key steps involved in accurately deriving the market numbers are:
Defining the problem by understanding the type of market and data required by the client.
Data gathering and collection through relevant paid databases, publicly available sources, company reports, annual reports, surveys, and interviews.
Formulating a hypothesis to create market numbers, forecasts, influencing factors, and their relevance.
Evaluating and analyzing the data by referring to data sources utilized and leveraged.
Validating, interpreting, and finalizing the data by combining the details gathered from primary and secondary sources with the help of experienced analysts.
Download Key Insights and Market Data - Raise a Query
About RationalStat LLC
RationalStat is an end-to-end global market intelligence and consulting company that provides comprehensive market research reports, customized strategy, and consulting studies. The company has sales offices in India, Mexico, and the US to support global and diversified businesses. The company has over 80 consultants and industry experts, developing more than 850 market research and industry reports for its report store annually.
RationalStat has strategic partnerships with leading data analytics and consumer research companies to cater to the client’s needs. Additional services offered by the company include consumer research, country reports, risk reports, valuations and advisory, financial research, due diligence, procurement and supply chain research, data analytics, and analytical dashboards.
Contact
RationalStat LLC
Kimberly Shaw,
Content and Press Manager
sales@rationalstat.com
US Phone: +1 302 803 5429
UK Phone: +44 203-287-1245
LinkedIn | Facebook | Twitter | Instagram | Pinterest

Nashville, TN- Using Bosch Rexroth’s ROKIT Locator Software, the MP1000R is able to navigate autonomously in highly dynamic environments without additional infrastructure. The MP1000R is a flexible and scalable solution which can replace manual forklifts and tuggers in manufacturing spaces, leading to improved efficiency and help protect workers from potential injury.
When used for industrial material handling tasks, forklifts and tuggers are often involved in thousands of warehouse accidents each year, some of which can be fatal. The MP1000R can safely and autonomously transport finished goods, raw material components and work in process on pallets or shelves within your factory or warehouse with flexibility similar to human-operated pallet jacks, forklifts or tuggers.
In collaboration with leading AMR provider Geek+, Bosch Rexroth developed the simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) technology for the MP1000R. The CE- and ETL-certified robot features hybrid navigation with SLAM + QR Code, 360-degree obstacle detection together with anti-collision bumpers and emergency stop buttons in the front and rear.
In addition to reducing safety risks, the MP1000R offers more flexibility to material handling processes. The MP1000R can lift a max payload of 1000 kilograms on a standard rack or shelf base. It can also interface with customer specific equipment using a square or roller top conveyor at customized heights. A large-capacity 39Ah lithium battery provides continuous power for the MP1000R for a typical 8-hour work shift via autonomous opportunity charging.
Its compact size and zero turning radius make it ideal for operating in tight spaces or down to aisle widths of 1400mm (55 inches). Its fully loaded moving speed of 1.5 meters per second makes it perfect for moving pallets and shelves between warehouses or automatic storage and retrieval systems (AS/RS) to production areas or shipping docks. Its location accuracy of +/-10mm enables materials feeding to the production line, work-in-progress (WIP) transfer and finished goods transport.
The MP1000R has minimal IT requirements and can easily interface with existing systems. It connects to on-site servers using existing wireless infrastructure and users can trigger robot actions via a web browser or handheld device. APIs are also available to connect the robot software to ERP, MES, WMS, PLC and more.
For additional information about the MP1000R, visit the Rexroth website: http://www.boschrexroth-us.com/mp1000r.
# # #
About Bosch Rexroth:
As one of the world’s leading suppliers of drive and control technologies, Bosch Rexroth ensures efficient, powerful and safe movement in machines and systems of any size. The company bundles global application experience in the market segments of Mobile Applications, Machinery Applications and Engineering, and Factory Automation. With its intelligent components, customized system solutions and services, Bosch Rexroth is creating the necessary environment for fully connected applications. Bosch Rexroth offers its customers hydraulics, electric drive and control technology, gear technology and linear motion and assembly technology, including software and interfaces to the Internet of Things. With locations in over 80 countries, more than 31,000 associates generated sales revenue of around 6.2 billion euros in 2021.
To learn more, please visitwww.boschrexroth.com
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 420,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2022). According to preliminary figures, the company generated sales of 88.4 billion euros in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 85,000 associates in research and development, of which nearly 44,000 are software engineers.
Additional information is available online atwww.bosch.com,www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com,www.twitter.com/BoschPress.

Bosch Partnering with IBM on Strategic Quantum Computing Materials Science Engagement
The two companies will conduct joint research, enablement and use case projects in the field of material science for fuel cells, electric engines, or advanced sensor materials.
Nov 9, 2022
Ehningen, Gerlingen, November 9, 2022 - IBM and Bosch today announced that they are partnering on a strategic quantum computing engagement. As part of this engagement, Bosch will also join the IBM Quantum Network. Experts from both companies will work jointly to investigate and further develop potential applications of quantum computing in the field of material science. The IBM Quantum Network currently has more than 200 organizations, including Fortune 500 companies, startups, research centers and educational institutions. Together, its members and IBM Quantum teams are exploring how quantum will benefit a variety of industries and disciplines, including finance, chemistry, and artificial intelligence.
Bosch, a leading global supplier of technology and services, will gain access to IBM’s quantum technology and Qiskit Runtime as a service, over the IBM Cloud. Bosch brings in its many years of experience in the field of materials simulation with conventional computers in an industrial environment and its ability to mass-produce high technology. IBM will provide its quantum computing technology and expertise in the development of quantum algorithms and industry-specific implementations.
With its activities in the field of electromobility, Bosch brings in a concrete application in which quantum computers may soon offer a significant advantage over conventional computers in discovering and designing new materials. New materials are decisive to achieve higher energy efficiency and reduce consumption of natural resources. Most functional materials relevant for fuel cells, batteries, electric engines, or advanced sensors contain strongly correlated electrons; classical computers are not able to calculate the properties of these materials with sufficient accuracy. IBM and Bosch will jointly develop robust and powerful quantum algorithms for industrial applications in this area.
The joint work has already started by laying the foundations for algorithms and workflows which enable computational materials design of industry-relevant materials on quantum computers. Early results are promising; these include moving towards more realistic models, beyond common approximations in solid-state physics such as the single-band Hubbard model, and scaling them toward system sizes of interest.
The work will explore how significant reductions of development time and cost as well as discovery of new material classes may be enabled in the future. For instance, improved perovskite phase stability diagrams for fuel cells, enhanced defect engineering for sensing, realistic catalytic and reaction rates, and predictable magnetic properties may eventually become possible.
“For Bosch, materials for applications in the fields of electromobility, renewable energies and sensor technology play a particularly prominent role here,” explains Thomas Kropf, head of Bosch Research.
“Quantum computing supports the targeted use of resources and thus can be an important building block to achieve climate and sustainability targets”, says Kropf.
“Even simple models of real materials tend to quickly become intractable for classical computers to simulate. That’s why Bosch’s collaboration with IBM, as well as the extended IBM Quantum Network on quantum computing research is so important. We will work together on addressing a wide range of materials science problems, in the fields of electromobility, renewable energy and sensor technology. Our team is looking forward to collaborating with Bosch,” said Scott Crowder, Vice President, IBM Quantum Adoption and Business Development.
IBM has laid out a roadmap to advance quantum computing in three key areas: hardware, software and ecosystem development. The company announced the deployment of its 433-qubit “Osprey” processor at the annual IBM Quantum Summit as another step in its roadmap towards a 4,000+ qubit-powered systems, built with multiple clusters of modularly scaled processors, by 2025.
About Bosch
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 402,600 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2021). The company generated sales of 78.7 billion euros in 2021. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0,
and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 76,100 associates in research and development, of which more than 38,000 are software engineers.
The company was set up in Stuttgart in 1886 by Robert Bosch (1861–1942) as “Workshop for Precision Mechanics and Electrical Engineering.” The special ownership structure of Robert Bosch GmbH guarantees the entrepreneurial freedom of the Bosch Group, making it possible for the company to plan over the long term and to undertake significant upfront investments in the safeguarding of its future. Ninety-four percent of the share capital of Robert Bosch GmbH is held by Robert Bosch Stiftung GmbH, a charitable foundation. The remaining shares are held by Robert Bosch GmbH and by a corporation owned by the Bosch family. The majority of voting rights are held by Robert Bosch Industrietreuhand KG, an industrial trust. The entrepreneurial ownership functions are carried out by the trust.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPress.
About IBM
For more information, visit: https://www.ibm.com/quantum.
Contact
Marie-Ann Maushart
IBM DACH Communications
MAUSHART@de.ibm.com
Chris Nay
IBM Research Communications
cnay@us.ibm.com

Collaboration will bolster visitor experiences by enabling advanced IoT connectivity to Peachtree Corners, one of the nation's first smart cities
, /PRNewswire/ -- Cradlepoint, the global leader in cloud-delivered LTE and 5G wireless network edge solutions, has today announced a collaboration with T-Mobile and the Curiosity Lab at Peachtree Corners to enable advanced IoT connectivity solutions, such as autonomous vehicles, robotics and AR/VR, using 5G Wireless WAN technology. The solution, developed by Bosch and Cradlepoint, leverages the high performance of T-Mobile's industry leading 5G network — America's largest, fastest and most reliable 5G network — with Cradlepoint's purpose-built wideband adapters and routers to facilitate near real-time parking and safety monitoring at Peachtree Corners, Georgia, one of the nation's first smart cities.
Cradlepoint, the global leader in cloud-delivered LTE and 5G wireless network edge solutions, has today announced a collaboration with T-Mobile and the Curiosity Lab at Peachtree Corners to enable advanced IoT connectivity solutions, such as autonomous vehicles, robotics and AR/VR, using 5G Wireless WAN technology. The solution, developed by Bosch and Cradlepoint, leverages the high performance of T-Mobile’s industry leading 5G network — America’s largest, fastest and most reliable 5G network —
Companies and public sector entities are well positioned on the value of 5G cellular IoT connectivity, particularly when it comes to securing, managing and enhancing smart cities. Unlike traditional fiber connections that take months to deploy, cost thousands of dollars and have long-term commitment contracts, Cradlepoint's 5G Wireless WAN solutions enable an entire ecosystem of IoT partners to immediately deploy solutions with the security and remote management capabilities needed to support IoT deployments at scale.
"Real-world deployments of IoT are challenging the status quo of existing solutions. Couple that with the trend of businesses leveraging 5G technology to transform, and you'll see how this advanced connectivity is remodeling the enterprise," said Todd Krautkremer, Chief Marketing Officer, Cradlepoint. "Cradlepoint, T-Mobile and Bosch are at the forefront of this evolution, furthering IoT and 5G deployments for projects of all sizes."
"Improving safety, efficiencies and anticipating the needs of customers is what best-in-class smart cities can accomplish when powered by 5G and with innovators like Cradlepoint," said Chris Melus, Vice President of Product Management with T-Mobile for Business. "It's rewarding to see concepts from the Curiosity Lab, leveraging our 5G Advanced Network Solutions suite prove true value in the real world."
The solution uses near real-time IoT technology developed by Bosch in conjunction with T-Mobile's Ultra Capacity 5G network and Cradlepoint 5G hardware to assist Peachtree Corners shoppers and visitors in finding open parking as well as available charging stations for electric vehicles.
"In collaboration with T-Mobile and Cradlepoint, and our continued joint effort with the Curiosity Lab in the City of Peachtree Corners, we are demonstrating a scalable, affordable, adroit AIoT solution to serve the community," said Lewis Stallworth, Business Development, Bosch Security Systems, LLC. "The flexibility of this solution was only possible with this technology-forward collaboration and is changing the conversation of what is possible when there is a need for parking management, retail management, community safety and true community operational analytics."
In addition to improving the Peachtree Corners visitor experience, the technology also enables city planners to make real-time informed decisions on parking capacity, infrastructure planning, traffic management and security safeguards based on data around events happening throughout the city.
"Through our work with Cradlepoint, Bosch and T-Mobile, we are now able to better manage our public spaces. Cradlepoint devices having high-speed connectivity through T-Mobile's 5G is key – these devices now allow us to use smart parking applications through the Bosch cameras in our Town Center, while also providing a safety and security layer for our police department." said Brandon Branham, CTO and Asst. City Manager, Peachtree Corners. "The analytics these devices provide help us to better communicate with our residents about parking and safety in our downtown area."
To learn more about Cradlepoint's work with T-Mobile, Bosch and the Curiosity Lab at Peachtree Corners, please visit: https://resources.cradlepoint.com/success-stories/smart-city-uses-5G-for-connected-intersections-and-innovative-parking.
See 5G device, coverage, & access details at T-Mobile.com. Fastest: Based on median, overall combined 5G speeds according to analysis by Ookla® of Speedtest Intelligence® data 5G download speeds for Q2 2022. Ookla trademarks used under license and reprinted with permission. Most Reliable: According to an audit report conducted by independent third-party umlaut containing crowdsourced data for user experience including task completion collected from November 2021 to May 2022. Full details at: www.umlaut.com/en/benchmarking/USA.
About Cradlepoint
Cradlepoint enables the freedom to connect people, places, and things that drive more experiences, more ways to work, and better business results — anywhere. The company is a pioneer in Wireless WAN, offering advanced 4G and 5G routers and adapters — controlled through Cradlepoint NetCloud™. Enterprise businesses and public sector agencies rely on Cradlepoint and its Cellular Intelligence to build a reliable, secure network wherever they need it, connecting fixed and temporary sites, vehicles, IoT devices, and remote employees. Headquartered in Boise, Idaho, Cradlepoint is a subsidiary of Ericsson's Business Area Enterprise Wireless Solutions division. It has international offices in Asia Pacific, Canada, Europe, India, and Latin America. www.cradlepoint.com
About the City of Peachtree Corners, Georgia
As the heart of what is being called #SiliconOrchard in the metro-Atlanta region, Peachtree Corners is a vibrant municipality that's home to more than 45,000 residents, 45,000 jobs and an innovation hub that houses some of the world's most disruptive technology companies. As the United States' premier smart city powered by real-world connected infrastructure and 5G, Peachtree Corners serves as the model for how government and private industry can better collaborate to create a better future for society and business. From the world's first deployment of teleoperated e-scooters to fully autonomous shuttles being utilized by actual residents, and from a solar roadway to the largest electric vehicle fast-charging hub in the region, Peachtree Corners is where the most future-forward Internet of Things (IoT) and sustainable technologies come to life for the benefit of its citizens, and the world. For more information, visit http://www.peachtreecornersga.gov.
About Curiosity Lab at Peachtree Corners
Curiosity Lab is a 5G-enabled intelligent mobility and smart city living laboratory located in the southeastern United States near Atlanta, Georgia. Designed as a proving ground for IoT, mobility and smart city emerging technologies, the centerpiece of the lab is a three-mile public autonomous vehicle roadway leveraging cellular vehicle-to-everything (C-V2X) technologies. Additional infrastructure includes intelligent traffic cameras and traffic signals, smart streetlights, the country's first "IoT Central Control Room" implemented in a city and a 25,000 square foot innovation center. Owned and operated by the City of Peachtree Corners, Curiosity Lab is one of North America's only real-world testing environments and is available for use free of charge. Additional information can be found at www.curiositylabptc.com.
SOURCE Peachtree Corners

BRUSSELS, Nov. 07, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The Eclipse Foundation, one of the world’s largest open source software foundations, today announced results from its 2023 IoT & Edge Developer Survey. Administered by the Eclipse IoT Working Group and the Eclipse Sparkplug Working Group, the survey provides essential insights into IoT and edge computing industry landscapes, challenges developers face, and the opportunities for enterprise stakeholders in the IoT & edge open source ecosystem. Now in its ninth year, the survey is the IoT & edge industry’s leading technical survey.
“This year’s results yielded some very interesting trends, particularly those related to real-world use cases and technology choices,” said Mike Milinkovich, executive director of the Eclipse Foundation. “What’s clear is that developers are actively building production solutions leveraging open source technologies to tackle today’s IoT challenges across industrial, agricultural, and municipal settings.”
The online survey was conducted from April 4, 2023, to July 5, 2023, during which 1,037 global developers, committers, architects, and decision-makers from a broad set of industries and organisations participated. Key findings include:
Development is increasing across all IoT sectors. Industrial automation is once again the top area of focus (33%, up from 22%), followed by agriculture (29 %, up from 23%), building automation, energy management, and smart cities (all at 24%).
Developers indicate that Java is the preferred language for IoT gateways and edge nodes, while C, C++, and Java are the most widely used languages for constrained devices.
MQTT is the top IIoT communication protocol. Nearly half of developers (49%) indicate a preference for MQTT for IIoT communications, with MQTT + Sparkplug checking in at 8%.
The withdrawal of IoT Middleware providers has created an opportunity for innovators to enter the market. Google Cloud IoT Platform, Bosch IoT Suite, IBM Watson IoT, and SAP Internet of Things all exited the market in 2022 or announced their intent to do so. While nearly half of respondents indicated a relationship with one or more of these providers, only 12% have migrated to a new provider.
Control logic (40%) surpassed artificial intelligence (37%) as the most common edge computing workload. Does this imply a renewed focus on the practical aspects of delivering real-world solutions? Only time will tell.
Software Supply Chain Security has become an essential issue for IoT/edge developers, with 70% saying it is vital to their work.
5G is enabling accelerated IIoT adoption. Cellular adoption has doubled since 2022 (44% vs. 22% in 2022) largely due to 5G penetration, while WiFi (38% vs. 36% in 2022), Ethernet (38% vs 29% in 2022) and Bluetooth (23% vs 20% in 2022) continue to be viable options.
The survey data contains further insights on developer choices for edge computing workloads, platform connectivity, developer concerns, and use case breakdowns by market. In addition, the report provides breakdowns of use cases by market and detailed recommendations on the next steps for IoT developers. The entire report can be downloaded here.
About Eclipse IoT
Eclipse IoT’s knowledge and expertise span 12+ years of experience in edge computing, IoT and Industrial IoT. Eclipse IoT is home to open source innovation that has delivered implementations of some of the industry’s most popular IoT protocols. CoAP (Eclipse Californium), DDS (Eclipse Cyclone DDS), LwM2M (Eclipse Leshan), MQTT (Eclipse Paho, Eclipse Mosquitto, and Eclipse Amlen), and OPC UA (Eclipse Milo) are all part of the Eclipse IoT ecosystem. The Eclipse IoT toolkit also contains an innovative homegrown protocol built from the ground up for edge computing: Eclipse Zenoh. In addition to other popular Eclipse IoT production-ready platforms that cover various use cases such as digital twins (Eclipse Ditto), contactless payments (Eclipse Keyple), industrial applications (Eclipse Kura), in addition to Eclipse Kapua — a modular IoT cloud platform that manages data and devices. Eclipse IoT is also the home of innovative edge orchestration platforms such as Eclipse ioFog and Eclipse Kanto.
To learn more about how to get involved with Eclipse IoT, Edge Native, Sparkplug, or other working groups at the Eclipse Foundation, visit the Foundation’s membership page. Working group members benefit from a broad range of services, including exclusive access to detailed industry research findings, marketing assistance, and expert open source governance.
For further IoT & edge-related information, please visit iot.eclipse.org.
About the Eclipse Foundation
The Eclipse Foundation provides our global community of individuals and organisations with a business-friendly environment for open source software collaboration and innovation. We host the Eclipse IDE, Adoptium, Software Defined Vehicle, Jakarta EE, and over 425 open source projects, including runtimes, tools, specifications, and frameworks for cloud and edge applications, IoT, AI, automotive, systems engineering, open processor designs, and many others. Headquartered in Brussels, Belgium, the Eclipse Foundation is an international non-profit association supported by over 350 members. To learn more, follow us on social media @EclipseFdn, LinkedIn, or visit eclipse.org.
Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners.
Media contacts:
Schwartz Public Relations for the Eclipse Foundation, AISBL (Germany)
Gloria Huppert, Franziska Wenzl
EclipseFoundation@schwartzpr.de
+49 (89) 211 871 - 70 / - 58
Nichols Communications for the Eclipse Foundation, AISBL
Jay Nichols
jay@nicholscomm.com
+1 408-772-1551
514 Media Ltd for the Eclipse Foundation, AISBL (France, Italy, Spain)
Benoit Simoneau
benoit@514-media.com
M: +44 (0) 7891 920 370

Vancouver, Nov. 22, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The global Internet of Things (IoT) platform market, valued at USD 36.01 Billion in 2032, is set to experience a rapid revenue Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 15.0% during the forecast period. Key drivers include the increasing adoption of IoT devices, a shift to cloud-based data management, and growing government initiatives for Research & Development (R&D) in IoT.
The proliferation of IoT devices is fueled by technological advancements, connectivity, consumer demand, industry adoption, economic incentives, data analytics, and smart city initiatives. While this presents opportunities for convenience and efficiency, it poses challenges for security professionals grappling with the vulnerability of these devices to cyberattacks.
Request Free Sample Copy (To Understand the Complete Structure of this Report [Summary + TOC]) @ https://www.emergenresearch.com/request-sample/2508
To address IoT security concerns, organizations are exploring innovative strategies such as credential protection and deception techniques. The rising need to enhance operational efficiency in managing complex IoT ecosystems further drives the adoption of IoT platforms.
Scope of Research
Report Details	Outcome
Market Size in 2022	USD 9.00 Billion
CAGR (2023–2032)	15.0%
Revenue Forecast To 2032	USD 36.01 Billion
Base Year For Estimation	2022
Historical Data	2019-2021
Forecast Period	2023–2032
Quantitative Units	Revenue in USD Billion and CAGR in % from 2023 to 2032
Report Coverage	Revenue forecast, company ranking, competitive landscape, growth factors, and trends
Segments Covered	Platform, deployment, service, application, end-use, and Region
Regional Scope	North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa
Country Scope	U.S., Canada, Mexico, Germany, France, UK, Italy, Spain, Benelux, Rest of Europe, China, India, Japan, South Korea, Rest of APAC, Brazil, Rest of LATAM, Saudi Arabia, UAE, South Africa, Turkey, and Rest of Middle East & Africa
Key Companies Profiled	Cisco Systems, Inc., Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft, IBM, Google, Oracle, GE DIGITAL, Particle Industries, Inc., Bosch.IO GmbH, Alibaba Cloud, Telit, Siemens, PTC, Hitachi, Ericsson, SAP, Relayr, Huawei, C3 IoT, and Sierra Wireless
Customization Scope	10 hours of free customization and expert consultation
Emergen Research is Offering Limited Time Discount (Grab a Copy at Discounted Price Now) @
https://www.emergenresearch.com/request-discount/2508
MAJOR COMPANIES and Market Share Analysis
The global IoT platform market is moderately fragmented, with many large and medium-sized players accounting for majority of market revenue. Major businesses are using a variety of tactics, making mergers and acquisitions, strategic agreements, and contracts, as well as creating, experimenting with, and introducing more efficient IoT platform solutions.
Some major players included in the global Internet of Things (IoT) platform market report are:
Cisco Systems, Inc.
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Microsoft
IBM
Google
Oracle
GE DIGITAL
Particle Industries, Inc.
Bosch.IO GmbH
Alibaba Cloud
Telit
Siemens
PTC
Hitachi
Ericsson
SAP
Relayr
Huawei
C3 IoT
Sierra Wireless
Strategic Development
•On 16 October 2023, IoT Squared, a division of the STC Group, formed a strategic partnership with AHOY Technology, a logistics and smart transportation infrastructure provider, as a part of Saudi Vision 2030's goals. This collaboration focuses on advancing Internet of Things (IoT) technology in the logistics sector. In addition, this partnership will facilitate the development of state-of-the-art smart logistics solutions, software platforms, and technology infrastructure.
•IoT Squared will market products such as COMET software platform and FLY+ platform, enhancing logistics services. Moreover, this partnership aims to empower customers to create more value, particularly in areas such as Smart Cities, Industry 4.0, and Smart Mobility and Logistics services.
•On 21 June 2022, Avnet and Amazon Web Services (AWS) entered into a global strategic collaboration to accelerate Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) of IoT solutions' time to market. This partnership integrates AWS's extensive services portfolio into Avnet's IoTConnect Platform, enabling a scalable, secure platform preconfigured for application-specific usage.
•This integration helps lean Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) by providing cloud-connected experiences and pre-integrated and abstracted capabilities for rapid deployment, thus reducing overhead. Avnet's IoTConnect Platform, powered by AWS, will deliver advanced edge-to-cloud hardware designs and secure device management. It will allow OEMs to focus on feature development and speed up product launches.
Direct Order Can Be Placed Through This Link [Exclusive Copy] @
https://www.emergenresearch.com/select-license/2508
Some Key Highlights from the Report
A significant challenge for the IoT platform market is the lack of a technically skilled workforce. The rapid evolution of technology, intense competition for IT talent, inadequate STEM education, and the departure of experienced workers contribute to this shortage. Tech giants attracting top talent leave smaller IoT businesses struggling to compete.
Segments include manufacturing, smart cities and homes, retail, healthcare, and others. The smart cities and homes segment is expected to lead due to urbanization and infrastructure development. Healthcare is projected to register the fastest growth, empowering professionals with real-time patient data for personalized treatment plans.
The region accounted for the largest revenue share, driven by the increasing use of IoT platforms to tackle urban challenges. Smart city applications leverage IoT to enhance efficiency in areas such as traffic management and waste control.
This region is expected to experience the fastest revenue growth, attributed to the rising adoption of IoT platforms across sectors like manufacturing. Key market players are engaging in partnership activities to support global IoT device management.
The European market is expected to account for a considerable revenue share, driven by consumer adoption in various industries, the deployment of 5G networks, and the development of smart environments.
the global IoT platform market is poised for robust growth, with the increasing adoption of IoT devices, cloud-based solutions, and innovative security measures. While challenges exist in the form of a skilled workforce shortage, addressing these challenges through upskilling and automation can further drive the competitiveness of the IoT sector.
Browse Full Report Description + Research Methodology + Table of Content + Infographics@
https://www.emergenresearch.com/industry-report/internet-of-things-platform-market
For the purpose of this report, Emergen Research has segmented global Internet of Things (IoT) platform market on the basis of type, application, deployment, enterprise size, component, vertical, and region:
Platform Outlook (Revenue, USD Billion; 2019-2032) [h3]
Internet Connectivity
IaaS Backend
Hardware-Specific Software
Consumer/Enterprise Software Extension
Deployment Outlook (Revenue, USD Billion; 2019-2032)
On-Premises
Cloud
Hybrid
Service Outlook (Revenue, USD Billion; 2019-2032)
Training and Consulting
Integration and Deployment
Support and Maintenance
Application Outlook (Revenue, USD Billion; 2019-2032)
Device Management
Database Management
Analytics
Processing
End-use Outlook (Revenue, USD Billion; 2019-2032)
Manufacturing
Smart Cities and Homes
Retail
Healthcare
Others
Regional Outlook (Revenue, USD Billion; 2019–2032)
North America
U.S.
Canada
Mexico
Europe
Germany
France
UK
Italy
Spain
Benelux
Rest of Europe
Asia Pacific
China
India
Japan
South Korea
Rest of APAC
Latin America
Brazil
Rest of LATAM
Middle East & Africa
Saudi Arabia
UAE
South Africa
Turkey
Rest of Middle East & Africa
Dive in Now for More Related Reports
Electromagnetic Compatibility Testing Market, By Offering Type (Hardware and Software), By Services Type (Testing Services, Inspection Services, Certification Services, and Other Services), By End-Use, and By Region Forecast to 2030.
Colonoscopy Market, By Product Type, By Application (Colorectal Cancer Lynch Syndrome, Ulcerative Colitis, Crohn’s Disease, Polyps or Colorectal Cancer, Others), By End-Use, and By Region Forecast to 2030.
Geofoam Market By Type (Expanded Polystyrene Geofoam and Extruded Polystyrene Geofoam), By End-Use (Road & Highway Construction, Building & Infrastructure, Airport Runway & Taxiways), By Application, and By Region Forecast to 2030.
Nitrile Gloves Market, By Type (Powder Free and Powdered), By Product (Durable and Disposable), By Grade (Medical Grade and Industrial Grade), By End-Use (Healthcare, Food & Beverage, and Chemical), and By Region Forecast to 2030.
Radio Frequency Generator Market By Type (Free Running RF Signal Generators and Synthesized RF Signal Generators), By End-Use (Telecommunications, Aerospace & Defense, and Electronics), and By Region Forecast to 2030.
About Emergen Research
Emergen Research is a market research and consulting company that provides syndicated research reports, customized research reports, and consulting services. Our solutions purely focus on your purpose to locate, target, and analyze consumer behavior shifts across demographics, across industries, and help clients make smarter business decisions. We offer market intelligence studies ensuring relevant and fact-based research across multiple industries, including Healthcare, Touch Points, Chemicals, Types, and Energy.
Contact Us:
Eric Lee
Corporate Sales Specialist
Emergen Research | Web: https://www.emergenresearch.com/
Direct Line: +1 (604) 757-9756
E-mail: sales@emergenresearch.com
Explore Our Blogs and Insights Section: https://www.emergenresearch.com/insights

WASHINGTON, Nov. 03, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- According to Vantage Market Research, the Global Industrial IoT Market is estimated to be valued at USD 171.3 Billion by 2030 at an exponential growth of 6.3% in the next seven years.
Technological developments and the growing availability of cost-effective CPUs and sensors that offer real-time information access are anticipated to propel the market growth.
The Report Provides Insights on the Following Pointers
Market Penetration: Provides comprehensive information on the market offered by the key players.
Market Development: Provides in-depth information about lucrative emerging markets and analyses penetration across mature segments of the markets.
Market Diversification: Provides detailed information about new product launches, untapped geographies, recent developments, and investments.
Market Trends: Provides comprehensive understanding of the Cumulative Impact of COVID-19, the Russia-Ukraine Conflict, and the High Inflation.
Competitive Assessment & Intelligence: Provides an exhaustive assessment of market shares, strategies, products, certification, regulatory approvals, patent landscape, and manufacturing capabilities of the leading players.
Product Development & Innovation: Provides intelligent insights on future technologies, R&D activities, and breakthrough product developments.
The market is growing as a result of the key players' substantial cooperation and the growing need to improve operational competence. Additionally, several methods are being developed to build a workforce that is both digital and human, which is expected to present substantial development prospects.
Get Access to Free Sample Research Report with Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.vantagemarketresearch.com/industrial-iot-market-2322/request-sample
Factors Affecting the Growth of the Industrial IoT Industry
Several factors impact the development of the Industrial IoT Market. Some of these factors include:
Manufacturing, logistics, and energy industries are embracing automation and digitization technologies to enhance efficiency. Industrial IoT allows for device and system connectivity, leading to cost savings, improved efficiency, and reduced downtime through features like predictive maintenance and real-time monitoring.
Integrating AI and analytics with Industrial IoT has enabled predictive maintenance and operational optimization by effectively analyzing large amounts of data collected from Industrial IoT devices.
The widespread adoption of advanced communication networks and cloud computing technologies has greatly fueled the growth of Industrial IoT. These advancements enable real-time communication and seamless operation of Industrial IoT applications in large-scale industrial environments, such as the logistics sector.
By encouraging industries to use digital infrastructure and Industrial IoT technologies, governments worldwide are putting policies and regulations into place to propel the growth of the Industrial IoT market. Examples of these are policies such as "Made in China 2025."
Key Highlights
By the segment of Devices & Technologies, the Sensors category mentioned the most significant growth of the market in 2022.
Furthermore, by the Connectivity Technologies segment, the Wireless Technologies class dominated the market in 2022.
Moreover, by the Software segment, the Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) led the market in 2022.
By Vertical, in 2022, the Manufacturing segment saw the greatest degree of market growth.
The market was ruled by Asia Pacific in 2022 with a revenue share of 42.6% and is expected to witness maximum market growth during the forecast period.
Prominent Players in The Global Industrial IoT Market Report Scope:
ABB (Switzerland)
ARM Holding PLC (UK)
Atmel Corporation (U.S.)
Cisco Systems Inc. (U.S.)
General Electric Company (U.S.)
International Business Machines Corporation (U.S.)
Intel Corporation (U.S.)
Rockwell Automation Inc. (U.S.)
Siemens AG (Germany)
Microsoft Corporation (U.S.)
To Know an Additional List of Key Players, Request Here to Download a Free Report PDF Brochure: https://www.vantagemarketresearch.com/industrial-iot-market-2322/request-sample
Key Trends
Industrial IoT applications are increasingly hosted on cloud platforms, such as General Electric's Predix, that offer secure and scalable connectivity, data storage, and analytics infrastructure.
Edge computing reduces latency and enables real-time decision-making through processing and analyzing data closer to the source, such as Siemens' MindSphere platform for Industrial IoT.
With the increasing connectivity of devices, the security of Industrial IoT applications is becoming a significant concern, addressed by companies like Cisco Systems through their industrial security solutions.
AR is employed in Industrial IoT to enhance maintenance and repair processes by offering real-time information and guidance to technicians, as exemplified by Bosch's CAP.
Ericsson's 5G solutions facilitate real-time monitoring and control of Industrial IoT systems in sectors like manufacturing and energy, with low-latency communication for time-critical applications.
Key Strategies in the Industrial IoT Market
The increasing utilization of digitization and automation in the manufacturing, energy, and transportation sectors is driving a substantial increase in the Industrial IoT market. Here are some key strategies in the industry:
Companies are implementing wireless technologies such as Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and cellular networks to connect industrial devices and sensors to establish robust and reliable connectivity solutions.
Strong security measures are being used by businesses to safeguard data and guarantee the integrity of industrial systems. This includes deploying encryption, authentication, and access control mechanisms.
Companies focus on implementing advanced analytics and machine learning techniques to analyze this data in real time and predict potential failures or maintenance requirements. This helps in optimizing operational efficiency and reducing downtime.
Companies are implementing edge computing strategies to process critical data at the edge, enabling faster decision-making and reducing dependency on cloud infrastructure.
Buy this Premium Research Report with Discount | Immediate Delivery @ https://www.vantagemarketresearch.com/buy-now/industrial-iot-market-2322/0
Recent Development of the Global Industrial IoT Market
In April 2021, Intel offered its artificial intelligence (AI) technology to John Deere in order to assist in resolving an expensive and long-standing issue with the factory welding process. Deere is testing a system that automatically detects frequent flaws in the automated welding process using computer vision technology.
In February 2021, Cisco and Newark, an Avnet company, teamed up to provide Industrial IoT.
Global Industrial IoT Market Segmentation
By Devices & Technologies
Sensors
RFID
Industrial Robotics
Distribution Control Systems (DCS)
Condition Monitoring
Smart Meters
Electronic Shelf Labels (ESL)
Cameras
Smart Beacons
Interface Boards
Yield Monitors
Guidance & Steering
GPS/GNSS
Flow & Application Control Devices
Networking Technologies
By Connectivity Technologies
Wired Technologies
Wireless Technologies
By Software
Product Lifecycle Management (PLM)
Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES)
Scada
Outage Management Systems (OMS)
Distribution Management Systems
Remote Patent Monitoring
Retail Management Software
Visualization Software
Transit Management Systems
Farm Management Systems
By Vertical
Manufacturing
Energy
Retail
Transportation
Agriculture
By Region
North America
Europe
Asia Pacific
Latin America
Middle East & Africa
Browse market data Tables and Figures spread through 250 Pages and in-depth TOC on Industrial IoT Market Forecast Report (2023-2030).
Highlights from Segments
Devices & Technologies Analysis
The sensors segment accounted for the most significant market growth in 2022.
With the increasing need for efficiency and productivity, industries are gradually shifting towards automation.
This has resulted in the implementation of Industrial IoT solutions, which require a wide range of sensors to collect and transmit data from various devices, machines, and equipment.
Sensors are essential for gathering data, tracking machine performance, and sending data across networks. This demand for connectivity and data exchange is fueling the growth of the Sensors segment in the Industrial IoT market.
Connectivity Technologies Analysis
Wireless Technologies accounted to have the potential market growth in 2022. This includes the development of new communication protocols such as 5G, LoRaWAN, and NB-IoT, which offer faster data transmission rates, better network coverage, and improved energy efficiency.
These advancements have made it easier for industrial applications to adopt wireless connectivity, thereby driving the growth of the wireless technologies segment.
Software Analysis
Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) accounts have the potential market growth in 2022.
Combining Industrial IoT and PLM enables organizations to implement predictive maintenance strategies.
Real-time data from connected devices can predict equipment failures and schedule maintenance activities proactively, minimizing downtime and improving overall equipment effectiveness.
Furthermore, PLM systems can analyze product performance data to identify quality issues early in the product lifecycle and take corrective actions.
Vertical Analysis
Manufacturing accounted to have the potential market growth in 2022.
Industrial IoT enables manufacturers to collect real-time data from machines and devices on the factory floor.
This data can be analyzed to identify bottlenecks, optimize production processes, and reduce downtime.
By improving operational efficiency, manufacturers can increase productivity and reduce costs.
Read Full Report with TOC @ https://www.vantagemarketresearch.com/industry-report/industrial-iot-market-2322
Regional Analysis
The Asia Pacific area led the Industrial IoT market growth in 2022. Advanced factory automation systems are becoming more and more in demand throughout the region, especially in China and Japan.
Industries in the area are realizing the advantages of incorporating robot arm technology.
Leading countries in the region are also making substantial investments in Industry 4.0, intending to achieve self-sufficiency in production and manufacturing.
Consequently, the growth of the Industrial Internet of Things Market is expected to be stimulated throughout the region.
Scope of the Report:
Report Attributes	Details
Market Size in 2022	USD 105.1 Billion
Revenue Forecast by 2030	USD 171.3 Billion
CAGR	6.3% from 2023 to 2030
Base Year	2022
Forecast Year	2023 to 2030
Key Players	ABB, ARM Holding PLC, Atmel Corporation, Cisco Systems Inc., General Electric Company, International Business Machines Corporation, Intel Corporation, Rockwell Automation Inc., Siemens AG, Microsoft Corporation
Customization Options	Customized purchase options are available to meet any research needs. Explore customized purchase options https://www.vantagemarketresearch.com/industrial-iot-market-2322/customization-request

Browse More Reports from Vantage Library:
Contract Cleaning Services Market - Global Industry Assessment & Forecast: https://www.vantagemarketresearch.com/industry-report/contract-cleaning-service-market-0910
Print On Demand Market - Global Industry Assessment & Forecast: https://www.vantagemarketresearch.com/industry-report/print-on-demand-market-2306
Machine Control System Market - Global Industry Assessment & Forecast: https://www.vantagemarketresearch.com/industry-report/machine-control-system-market-1104
Agricultural Robots Market - Global Industry Assessment & Forecast: https://www.vantagemarketresearch.com/industry-report/agricultural-robot-market-1054
Air Quality Control Systems Market - Global Industry Assessment & Forecast: https://www.vantagemarketresearch.com/industry-report/air-quality-control-systems-market-1065
Smart Glass Market - Global Industry Assessment & Forecast: https://www.vantagemarketresearch.com/industry-report/smart-glass-market-2029
About Vantage Market Research:
We, at Vantage Market Research, provide quantified B2B high quality research on more than 20,000 emerging markets, in turn, helping our clients map out constellation of opportunities for their businesses. We, as a competitive intelligence market research and consulting firm provide end to end solutions to our client enterprises to meet their crucial business objectives. Our clientele base spans across 70% of Global Fortune 500 companies.
Follow Us on: LinkedIn | Twitter | Facebook | YouTube
Contact us
Eric Kunz
6218 Georgia Avenue NW Ste 1 - 564
Washington DC 20011-5125
United States Tel: +1 202 380 9727
Email: sales@vantagemarketresearch.com
Website:
https://www.vantagemarketresearch.com/
Latest Vantage Market Research Press Releases
Latest Vantage Market Research Blog
Vantage Market Research All Reports
Blog:
bwsc.kr
makitirapide.com
v-mr.biz
techwire24.com
vmr.biz

For four days in Southern France, cybersecurity experts from a broad array of different countries and sectors gathered for the annual ETSI Security Conference. The event undertaken by one of the world’s major industry information-communication (ICT) standards organisations was intended to take stock of the state of cybersecurity and trends.
A notable new collective development manifested this year was the emergence of a vast ecosystem of IoT seal initiatives by all manner of regulatory authorities, industry bodies, standards organisations, and individual companies to roll out diverse cyber seal schemes for IoT (Internet of Things). As chance had it, the FCC’s IoT cyber seal rulemaking proceeding comments were also being filed, and added still further insight into the expanding ecosystem. It was apparent that the number of IoT seal schemes is now measured in the scores and heading toward hundreds. The vastness of this expanding universe was recently revealed graphically last year on the UK IoT security mapping site.
Some of these schemes are motivated by political quests in different jurisdictions to demonstrate responsiveness to public concern or enhance the profile of a government agency; others by a desire to institute best practices within an industry sector or by individual providers. Still other actors see the opportunity to generate new revenue from sales of their standards or certification services. They have all come to the IoT cyber seal frenzy.
The schemes all tend to have the same attributes: 1) a set of technical and process requirements for marketplace products or services, 2) certification of compliance with those requirements, 3) means of implementation and enforcement, and 4) an image of a seal, label, logo, or mark to comfort users. Some schemes are mandated by government authorities—occasionally extraterritorially; others are voluntary. Some schemes have associated public registration mechanisms. All have some means of funding the costly activities. Most are potential anticompetitive barriers to market entry and innovation. All carry the same message “trust in me.”
The disingenuous reality common for all the schemes is that none of them can actually ensure product or service cybersecurity, as the cybersecurity risks faced by all these products and services start increasing significantly at the moment they are powered on. Furthermore, there is extensive research over many years that shows labels for even simple appliances are basically worthless in influencing customer decisions, never mind anything as complex as IoT security. However, the IoT cyber seal frenzy is obviously expanding worldwide as the latest cyber phenom.
The collective result—in addition to the amusement of watching all the players in the rapidly expanding ecosystem attempting to undertake this activity—is a globally expanding “cyber seal fog” of diverse of IoT trust assertions about of the trillions of digital network objects attached to our electronic communication networks but detracts from expending Zero Trust Model resources that significantly reduce risks. The cybersecurity fog phenomenon was first described by the cyber sage Tony Sager in his former role as the NSA Information Assurance Directorate (IAD) operations chief, and remains a pervasive cyber challenge.
Several decades ago, at one of the first IoT security conferences, former UUNET CTO Mike O’Dell opined that a worst-case threat was when all “silicon cockroaches” (as IoT devices were known) chirped at once. A variant of that threat is emerging today—all the cyber trust seal foggers acting in unison.
The Cyber Seal Ecosystem
The certification of compliance with intergovernmental, national, and industry standards for network, radio and computational systems and devices is a practice as old as the origins of the product technologies. The practice has been effective for simple, measurable physical, electromagnetic, and protocol characteristics over many decades. However, at the outset of the “cyber era” at the 1967 Atlantic City conference, RAND and NSA jointly announced, after a two-year study, that the complexity and dynamics of cybersecurity threats rendered certification of compliance wholly ineffective. They adopted what is today referred to as the Zero Trust model—applying continuous critical security controls.
However, during the past decade, political and marketplace pressures have resulted in the appearance of cybersecurity compliance certification programmes—first by major vendors and their standards organisations, followed by government bodies. A global centricity has emerged around the ETSI standards TS 103645/EN 303645. The ecosystem here is basically divided into six groups: industry bodies, individual companies, standards organisations, government agencies, seals, and academic groups. It is essentially impossible to identify all the entities in these groups because there are so many of them today and the numbers continue to expand rapidly. Some of the more prominent are described. Several contributed to the ETSI Security Conference dialogue and filed in the FCC proceeding.
Industry bodies. GSMA as the world’s mobile network industry organisation in London, undertook efforts early on to identify device vulnerabilities and encourage vendors and service providers to engage in cybersecurity best practices. Its efforts included not only developing its own IoT Security Guidelines and Assessment, but also efforts by its security leaders tracking and mapping the emerging array of other recommendations and standards worldwide, including those for automotive IoT. GSMA remains the global mobile IoT security leader and also works closely with other industry organisations undertaking similar initiatives.
The Connectivity Standards Alliance, for example, recently published an extensive compilation of European and North American Consumer IoT Device Cybersecurity Standards, Policies, and Certification Schemes. Its member Google at the Security Week event also provided an overview of the emerging ecosystem showing the clustering around the EN 303645 standard.
The Cloud Security Alliance also early-on addressed the cybersecurity challenges of the rapidly expanding instantiations of virtualised IoT by adopting and implementing CSA IoT Security Controls and certification. Its work also built on the IoT security work undertaken in ETSI’s Network Functions Virtualisation (NFV) standards group over the past decade. The government IoT regulators have completely ignored this segment of the ecosystem.
The industry body Global Platform similarly developed a comprehensive IoT security program as part of its ensemble of schemes.
CTIA as the principal U.S. mobile service provider industry organisation also initiated an IoT certification program several years ago complete with a seal and registry.
The U.S. Consumer Technology Association which is aligned with the U.S. ANSI standards group, also convened multiple parties in 2019 to identify baseline security capabilities for the IoT marketplace.
The Brussels-based Alliance for IoT and Edge Computing Innovation (AIOTI) was formed in 2017 to enhance innovation and economic development in the Internet of Things in Europe. Its reports focusing on IoT as an extension of edge computing and related security requirements, combined with participation in standards organisations are noteworthy.
The Global Certification Forum (GCF) comprised of 335 members has long been providing for worldwide coordination of IoT certification activities relating to mobile devices among 13 industry partners.
Individual companies. One of the more significant observations at the ETSI Security Conference was the degree to which individual major ICT vendors have established their own IoT certification and label ecosystems as part of their core business. For example, Google has a Connected Product Security Compliance Group that now includes the application of the Zero Trust Model to IoT Security. Other major OS vendors like Apple and Microsoft have similar programmes. Huawei has been extremely active. Major IoT vendors like Bosch are similarly creating their own IoT label ecosystems, as are processor vendors at lower levels. Umlaut/Accenture, Thales, and RedAlert are examples of the multiple security providers pursuing the new opportunities.
Standards organisations. ETSI’s IoT security standards development began several decades ago in conjunction with the specifications for wireless and wireline devices and services. The work was frequently done together with GSMA and 3GPP IoT security initiatives and then for the OneM2M partner organisation it supported. At the outset of ETSI’s Cybersecurity Technical Committee creation in 2014, IoT was identified as a primary work area. The diverse global industry participation and outreach resulted in a set of freely-available IoT security standards that have become the globally leading specifications for basic requirements—extensively used by other organisations, companies, and governments. These include: EN 303645 V2, “Cyber Security for Consumer Internet of Things: Baseline Requirements”; TS 103848 V1, “Cyber Security for Home Gateways; Security Requirements as vertical from Consumer Internet of Things;” TS 103701 V1, “Cyber Security for Consumer Internet of Things: Conformance Assessment of Baseline Requirements”; TR 103305-3 V3, “Critical Security Controls for Effective Cyber Defence; Part 3: Internet of Things Sector;” and a draft EG 203936 V0.0.9, “Implementing Design Practices to Mitigate Consumer IoT-Enabled Coercive Control.” The underlying basis for the EN 303645 normative standard is TS 103645 which is currently being revised to a new version.
ETSI, reprising the 3GPP model, created the OneM2M IoT standards organisation in 2012 among 8 standards organisations and now has 222 industry and government members. OneM2M has more than 100 published standards—many of them implementing cybersecurity requirements—as well as a globally established certification programme.
MITRE, as one of the U.S. national security community’s principal security research and standards organisations, and recognized by ITU-T for its standards, has for several decades engaged in the development of IoT specifications. The most significant IoT standards that definitively express IoT vulnerabilities and weaknesses were created by MITRE and some have been transposed into ITU-T standards. One of the most important new IoT security platforms relating to IoT Supply Chain Risk Management was recently presented at an ITU-T workshop in Korea—which identified 642 specific measurable risks that are potentially nested in an IoT supply chain that are potentially implementable using the IETF’s new SCITT standards.
The IETF/IRTF communities have for many years treated IoT security. In 2019, the IRTF published an IOT Security State of the Art and Challenges RFC. In 2021, the IETF created an IOT OPS group and its draft “Summary of security-enabling technologies for IoT devices” specifies an array of ten requirements. The IETF has also established a significant new standards group dedicated to IoT Software Supply Chain Integrity, Transparency & Trust (SCITT) standards.
The Trusted Computing Group (TCG) was formed in 2003 and for the past two decades, provided foundational IoT security standards that have been implemented on innumerable IoT devices today. The ETSI Security conference provided insight into all the TCG existing and new IoT security standards platforms, including TPM (Trusted Platform Module), DICE (Device Identifier Composition Engine), FIM (Firmware Integrity Manifest), RIM (Reference Integrity Manifest) and CyRes (Cyber Resilient Technologies).
ITU-T has for many years pursued the development of IoT security standards and associated best practices. Rec. ITU-T X.1352, “Security requirements for Internet of things devices and gateways” is part of a suite of related standards published in six languages. It maintains several global IoT resources page, including a very current one specifically for Smart Cities. ITU-T has been considering expanding its conformance seal programme, and could potentially do this for X.1352 and related standards. ITU-T has also recently identified Metaverse virtual IoT security as a priority, and ITU-D has expanded its IoT security development efforts.
The Center for Internet Security (CIS), which developed the Critical Security Controls for the IoT Sector, recently published Internet of Things: Embedded Security Guidance which provides an introduction to IoT security classifications and infrastructures, common related application, network and transport layer protocols, IoT stacks, and recommendations as to eleven desirable requirements.
In 2017, the Trump Administration adopted an executive order to strengthen Federal Networks and critical infrastructure that subsequently resulted in the NIST agency examining the vast ongoing industry work globally and eventually publishing its own IoT guidelines in 2019. These include NISTIR 8228 and NISTIR 8259, “Foundational Cybersecurity Activities for IoT Device Manufacturers.” In 2021, NIST also published a white paper on labeling criteria based on its guidelines. NIST IoT international standards collaboration is essentially limited to ISO/IEC and acts as a marketing agent for its paywall standards.
ISO/IEC several years ago also published several IoT security standards behind paywalls, 27400, 30147, and 15288. The total of 519 Swiss Francs makes them effectively invisible standards. CEN/CENELEC has published another IoT paywall Security Evaluation for Secure IoT Platforms (SESIP) standard, PrEN 17927 that costs 240 Euros plus an additional 1,956 Swiss Francs for referenced ISO/IEC standards. The lack of public availability has limited their use.
Government agencies. Multiple national government regulatory agencies around the world are now adopting IoT Cyber Security regulations that are tracked by Cetome in the UK. These agencies are typically driven by political considerations and most face the challenge of a lack of expertise. A notable exception, the UK’s DSIT, works closely with NCSC and both have long been domestic and global leaders across multiple venues.
The European Union has adopted multiple interrelated IoT regimes under different legislative/regulatory instruments. A draft new instrument known as the Cyber Resilience Act (CRA) which mandates an vast array of requirements with significant non-compliance penalties for every digital element and remote process poses an array of legal, technical, and operational challenges, including lessening IoT security for consumers.
U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) is a newcomer to the IoT security ecosystem arena with a proposed new seal regime that significantly stretches its authority and expertise to further expand the global cyber seal fog, with minimal benefit if any for consumers and decidedly negative benefit for product vendors.
In Europe, in addition to the UK and EU, Finland and Germany have also adopted limited IoT regulatory regimes complete with seals. Germany assisted in developing the ETSI IoT requirements and certification specification which it uses domestically.
The shift toward IoT security regulations is prominent in the Asia region, with new requirements and certification regulations promulgated by China, India, Japan, and Singapore. Singapore asserts mutual recognition with Finland and Germany.
Seals. The “seal” component of the IoT security ecosystem consists of a diverse array of service and trademarks—some of them registered. Some are distinct, dedicated images, while others make use of the proffering organisation or company mark. Some include associated QR codes that provide a hyperlink to additional information or a registration site. There is a veritable Whitman’s Sampler of IoT trust seals discoverable out in the cybersphere. Consumer Reports has a new global guide of many of them.
CTIA has “IoT Network Certified™” MITRE has created and copyrighted “Cyber SEAL.” The Allianz Digitale Security Association in Switzerland has an image designated “CyberSeal” that is coupled to an audit process. Additional companies use the cyberseal term as part of their name.
Several variants of cyber seals have been registered at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Both CYBERSEAL and CYBERTRUST are dead. The FCC obtained “U.S. CYBER TRUST MARK” as both a mark and drawing. Other variants have been obtained by registrants that include iTrustCYBER, Cyber Fides, and ASSURETRUST CYBERSECURE.
Academic groups. The IoT seal ecosystem is complemented by work undertaken by scores of academic institutions and published in a variety of academic journals. Several researchers filed their papers in the FCC Proceeding—one dealing specifically with the usefulness of IoT security labels. Some were underwritten by the EU Horizon 2020 research programme, for example examining certification policies and models. Professional academic groups like the IEEE have for some years published numerous best practice papers and hosted conferences on IoT Security. Google Scholar lists 130 published papers.
Elements of the fog
Adding to the chaos is the fuzzy nature of the term Internet of Things or IoT. The expanding universe of certification labeling schemes tends to define essentially every network connected object and process—both physical and virtual - as Internet Things. The EU is proposing extending the level of IoT granularity to “digital elements” and “remote processes.”
The term “fog of more” has long been recognized as a significant challenge in the cybersecurity field. The vast numbers and constantly changing, autonomous complexities of networks, attached devices, services, software, vulnerabilities, and threats result in enormous information ensembles. Even greater are the complexities of the actions and continuous monitoring, and other resources necessary to reduce the risks to desired levels.
Differing basic definitions. Almost every different party in the IoT ecosystem has gone forward with definitions of the “thing” they are dealing with. For industry organisations and companies, the “thing” has a binding to their products and services being offered or manufactured. For government agencies, the “thing” is tied to the frequently contrived to fit the scope of their legal authority. There is no real definition of “Internet”—which is a virtualised construct used very differently among different parties—which further adds to definitional divergence. Even the technical standards organisations differ in their definitions if they actually define the term. One of the earliest treatments of this challenge is found in the SmartM2M Security 2019 Technical Report. Artificial Intelligence and IOT also add to the fuzziness. ENISA in its June 2023 AI and cybersecurity research brief raises the challenges of intersection between the AI and IoT worlds. Although the EU considered this intersection in its IoT regime, the FCC did not.
Differing compliance requirements. Although there are commonalities among the IoT cybersecurity compliance requirements, the divergences are significant. The only common means for measuring risk and harmonisation the divergent requirements is found in MITRE’s System of Trust platform. However, that platform enumerates 14 top-level risk categories, 214 detail risk categories, and 642 specific measurable risks—which may be potentially automated using the new IETF Software Supply Chain Integrity, Transparency & Trust (SCITT) standard. The combined requirements result is a vast fuzzy matrix among 642 or more potential risks that varies with different product sectors and applications.
Differing, ambiguous compliance processes. An equally large matrix exists among the different compliance processes based on the expanding array of regulatory mandates and existing practices of different organisations. Seal schemes require a testing verdict. It is essentially impossible to determine a priori the basis of a verdict because of the enormous complexities and risk factors for IoT security and different implementation contexts. Conventional tests have two verdicts (pass or fail) and it is clear from the base requirements specification what the mandate is and how it is to be met. However, the IoT security environment consists of an almost infinite array of variants of the requirements with imprecise or unclear guidance to the developer on assuring they get the necessary pass verdict. This clouds the use of marks and seals even further. From both public policy and legal “void for vagueness” perspectives, it also begs the question why some commercial trust/reputation model in the marketplace is not more appropriate, combined with a zero trust analysis at runtime.
Both the EU CRA proposal and FCC labeling NPRM make clear that they have no idea how to resolve the issues raised—which are potentially costly bureaucratic nightmares. Although ETSI’s specification TS 103701 has emerged as a leading candidate for IoT security Conformance Assessment, it is applied to the ETSI EN 303645 compliance requirements.
Hundreds of seals and scores of mutual recognition agreements. It appears that potentially hundreds of private and public organisations are rapidly emerging as part of global IoT seal phenomenon. The public organisation seals are either being mandated by national or local authorities or proffered as a voluntary programme. Most schemes vaguely assert a willingness to accept mutual recognition agreements despite the widely diverging IoT definitions, compliance requirements, and processes. Plainly, these developments are not scalable—resulting in significant confusion and increased costs for product and service developers, impediments to innovation and competition, minimal benefit to consumers, and considerable potential litigation concerning jurisdiction, authority, and adverse compliance determinations worldwide.
Politics at work
The reality today is that governmental political bodies are driving an emerging IoT labeling juggernaut to new extremes. Perhaps nowhere is the politics of IoT labeling more evident than in the ongoing FCC rulemaking proceeding. Many of the comments filed by the different species of lobbying offices in Washington disgorged many pages of claims, begin with a gratuitous statement about how great and wonderful the FCC proposed regime is, and asserting vast benefits bestowed on consumers. Other critical comments express concern about regulatory excess.
In many ways, the most eloquent, sage, and succinct comments are found in four pages from a young woman at the Franklin Pierce School of Law who began with “I am writing on my own behalf as a law student who has researched the legality of certain cybersecurity vulnerabilities….” She proceeds to state:
Although cybersecurity vulnerabilities are concerning for consumers, a voluntary labeling program is premature and likely will be confusing to consumers who are not educated on IoT products and the security risks associated with the products. Before implementing such a program, the Commission should educate the public on a broader scale. Additionally, the free market can resolve consumer security concerns by allowing individuals to purchase IoT products and devices based on a manufacturer’s reputation from a lack of security breaches and marketing of its security measures. If a manufacturer/company participated in the labeling program, the costs associated with meeting the Commission’s standards and updating the product labels as the standards change will likely outweigh the benefits. Consequently, consumers will likely see an increase in the price of IoT products.
Perhaps the FCC and other similarly inclined government bodies will heed her admonitions. It isn’t that IoT product manufacturer guidelines are not useful. The problem is the multiple regulatory regimes around the world that get spun up around them. But then, sage decision making is a rare commodity in insular regulatory agencies where gratuitous politics reign supreme and generating fog is a way of life.
To its credit, the UK government is attempting to contain and mitigate the expanding cyber IoT fog through its efforts to further evolve the original minimalist comprehensive Cyber Security standard for Consumer Internet of Things published by ETSI known as TS 103645 and map the provisions to the numerous other IoT requirement enumerations globally.

Dublin, Nov. 02, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The "Global Sensor Testing Market by Offering (Oscilloscope, Multimeter, Spectrum Analyzer, Signal Generator), Software, Sensor Type (Analog, Digital Sensors), Application (Automotive, Consumer Electronics, Aerospace, Healthcare, Industrial), and Region - Forecast to 2028" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.
The global sensor testing market is gaining momentum, with an estimated worth of USD 1.8 billion in 2023, projected to reach USD 2.4 billion by 2028. This surge is fueled by a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 6.1% during the forecast period. The growing demand for sensor testing, particularly in emerging markets such as automotive, consumer electronics, healthcare, and manufacturing, is contributing to this upward trend.
Key Highlights:
Safety-Critical Applications Drive Demand: The rise in safety-critical applications, including autonomous vehicles and industrial automation, intensifies the need for meticulous sensor testing to ensure reliability and avert malfunctions.
Software Segment Witnesses Growth: Software offerings play an integral role in efficient sensor testing. These software tools streamline the testing process, enhance data analysis, and improve accuracy, making them a crucial part of sensor testing.
Aerospace Requires Comprehensive Sensor Testing: The aerospace industry places a strong emphasis on sensor testing due to the critical role sensors play in securing safety and performance in aircraft and spacecraft.
North America Dominates the Market: North America holds a significant share of the sensor testing market, driven by stringent industry regulations, technological advancements, and the increasing adoption of sensor-based technologies.
The growth of the sensor testing market is closely tied to our relentless pursuit of innovation, the globalization of trade, and heightened awareness of the significance of accurate sensor data in optimizing efficiency, safety, and overall product quality.
Sensor testing plays a crucial role in industries like automotive, aerospace, healthcare, and manufacturing, where sensor measurements are vital for securing safety and performance. Thorough and comprehensive sensor testing is non-negotiable in these demanding sectors.
The software segment within the sensor testing market is expected to witness substantial growth, driven by the critical role of software tools in enabling data acquisition, test automation, calibration, analysis, simulation, diagnostics, reporting, and documentation. These tools streamline the testing process, enhance data analysis, improve accuracy, and facilitate efficient sensor performance evaluation.
In the aerospace industry, where sensor measurements are essential for ensuring the safety, performance, and efficiency of aircraft and spacecraft, sensor testing is rigorous and comprehensive. The aerospace sector depends on sensor testing to validate the accuracy, reliability, and durability of sensors used in monitoring various parameters.
North America, with its stringent regulations, technological advancements, and increasing adoption of sensor-based technologies, is positioned to hold a substantial market share in the sensor testing sector.
This comprehensive market research report offers valuable insights into the dynamic sensor testing market, helping businesses understand the driving forces, challenges, and opportunities within the industry.
Competitive Landscape
In-depth assessment of market shares, growth strategies and service offerings of leading players such as TE Connectivity Ltd. (Switzerland), National Instruments Corp. (US), Keysight Technologies, Inc. (US), Fluke Corporation (US), and Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG (Germany).
Premium Insights
Emerging Sensor Applications in Automotive and Consumer Electronics Sectors to Offer Lucrative Opportunities for Market Players
Analog Sensors to Dominate Sensor Testing Market Throughout Forecast Period
Consumer Electronics Applications to Hold Largest Share of Sensor Testing Market in 2023
China to Register Highest CAGR in Global Sensor Testing Market During Forecast Period
Market Dynamics
Drivers
Surging Use of Sensors in Hybrid and Autonomous Vehicles
Rising Adoption of IoT and Automation Technologies
Restraints
High Cost of Sensor Testing Equipment
Rapidly Evolving Sensor Technologies
Opportunities
Emerging Sensor Applications in Automotive and Consumer Electronics Sectors
Rising Adoption of Predictive Maintenance Techniques by Manufacturing Firms
Challenges
Lack of Common Testing Standards
Difficulties in Calibrating Sensors Under Varied Environmental Conditions
Companies Mentioned
Advantest Corporation
AECO Srl
Anritsu Corporation
B&K Precision Corporation
Bosch Sensortec GmbH
Element Materials Technology
Fluke Corporation
H&B Sensors Ltd.
HORIBA, Ltd.
ITM Integrated Test + Measurement
Keysight Technologies, Inc.
MEASX GmbH & Co. KG
National Instruments Corp.
Omega Engineering, Inc.
Pepperl+Fuchs SE
Rigol Technologies, Co. Ltd.
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG
TE Connectivity Ltd.
Tektronix, Inc.
Teradyne Inc.
Tuv Rheinland AG
U-Therm International (H.K.) Limited
UL LLC
Uni-Trend Technology (China) Co. Ltd.
Vx Instruments GmbH

Key Attributes:
Report Attribute	Details
No. of Pages	236
Forecast Period	2023 - 2028
Estimated Market Value (USD) in 2023	$1.8 Billion
Forecasted Market Value (USD) by 2028	$2.4 Billion
Compound Annual Growth Rate	6.1%
Regions Covered	Global
About ResearchAndMarkets.com
ResearchAndMarkets.com is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets, key industries, the top companies, new products and the latest trends.
Global Sensor Testing Market
Global Sensor Testing Market Global Sensor Testing Market

This website requires certain cookies to work and uses other cookies to help you have the best experience while on the site.
By visiting this website, certain cookies have already been set, which you may delete and block. If you do not agree to the use of cookies, you should not navigate this website.
Visit our privacy and cookie policy to learn more about the cookies we use and how we use your data.

As the Official Power Tool, Power Tool Accessories, and Measuring Tools of the Carolina Panthers & San Antonio Spurs, Bosch Builds Community Momentum Through Parasports Spurs and Panthers "Keep Pounding Day" Events
, /PRNewswire/ -- Today Bosch Power Tools announced two new partnerships with the National Football League's Carolina Panthers and the National Basketball Association's San Antonio Spurs, as the franchises' official power tool, power tool accessories, and measuring tool partner.
Bosch Power Tools becomes the official power tools, power tool accessories and measuring tools partner for both the Carolina Panthers and San Antonio Spurs franchises while supporting local give-back initiatives.
Bosch Power Tools will partner with these iconic teams by co-sponsoring community activation efforts in both cities to engage with the communities locally. Bosch is providing a monetary gift to support the Spurs Inclusive Sports League, to help the organization provide children with diverse abilities the opportunity to play the sports they love. The Bosch team will also provide event support through labor and donated tools, needed to help build homes and playgrounds in Charlotte alongside the Panthers team, during "Keep Pounding Day" in 2024.
"We're eager to connect and shine a light on those in the trades who have built these thriving cities from the ground up, whether it's in a stadium or at a local volunteering event. Our team is ready to work alongside our new Panthers and Spurs partners to make an impact in these communities, while cheering the teams on alongside their fans during the season ahead," said Teresa Sabatino, Director of Brand Marketing Power Tools North America.
Carolina Panthers 'Keep Pounding Day':
The Carolina Panthers annual Keep Pounding Day is an organization-wide day of service to benefit communities across the Carolinas that focuses on bringing together players, coaches, Legends and staff to participate in service projects in North and South Carolina.
"The Panthers are excited to work alongside the Bosch Power Tools team on our annual Keep Pounding Day," said Carolina Panthers Team President, Kristi Coleman. "This is a special day for our organization and we look forward to utilizing the Bosch team's tools and building expertise to support our community."
Spurs Inclusive Sports League:
On a mission to create self-confident athletes through team sports, the Spurs Inclusive Sports League provides sports training to young athletes of all abilities, while creating an inclusive community where they can play a sport they love, improve their skills and make memories. League teams are led by Spurs Sports & Entertainment staff, volunteers and youth coaches with Special Olympics training.
"We're honored that Bosch Power Tools is joining us in support and celebration of our incredible Spurs Inclusive Sports League athletes," said Dr. Kara Allen, Chief Impact Officer at Spurs Sports & Entertainment. "Hand in hand, we will continue to bring the joy of sports, teamwork and competition to athletes of all abilities. Inclusivity and belonging are at the heart of everything we do, and we take pride in partnering with a company that shares these values. Together, we are all stronger."
As the construction and trade industries stand at the heart of both great cities, Bosch Power Tools recognized Charlotte and San Antonio as integral communities to show up in and continue driving its mission of supporting hard workers and giving back to local communities.
For more details on:
Carolina Panthers In The Community, visit panthers.com/community
San Antonio Spurs, visit nba.com/spurs
Bosch Power Tools' products, visit pressroom.boschtools.com
About Robert Bosch Tool Corporation
Robert Bosch Tool Corporation, the Bosch Power Tools Division of North America, was formed in January 2003 when Robert Bosch GmbH combined its North American power tool and accessories businesses into one organization. As a manufacturing pioneer with more than a century's worth of experience, the Bosch name has become synonymous with engineering excellence. Throughout North America, Bosch associates maintain a legacy of world-class design, manufacture and sale of power tools, rotary and oscillating tools, measuring tools and accessories. For more information visit www.boschtools.com.
About Bosch
Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs nearly 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). According to preliminary 2022 figures, Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 420,000 associates worldwide (as of Dec. 31, 2022). The company generated sales of $93.1 billion in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group's strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is "Invented for life." The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch's global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. The basis for the company's future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs roughly 84,800 associates in research and development, of which more than 44,000 are software engineers. In North America, Bosch employs approximately 3,500 associates in research and development.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
About the Carolina Panthers
The Carolina Panthers became the 29th National Football League franchise on October 26, 1993. The Panthers began play in the 1995 season, winning an expansion-team-record seven games. In 28 seasons, Carolina has won six division titles, including three consecutive NFC South division titles from 2013-15. The Panthers have played in 17 playoff games, earning two NFC Championships and appearing in Super Bowl XXXVIII and Super Bowl 50. David A. Tepper, the founder and president of global hedge fund Appaloosa Management, L.P. and a well-known philanthropist, is the owner of the Carolina Panthers. Truly representing both Carolinas, the Panthers play their home games at Bank of America Stadium in Charlotte, N.C., just miles from the North Carolina-South Carolina border. Serving the two-state region is a priority for the team. The Panthers work with over 3,800 community partners, non-profit agencies and schools in the Carolinas each year and are committed to positively impacting the region by providing philanthropic funding, resources and opportunities throughout the Carolinas.
About Spurs Sports & Entertainment
Spurs Sports & Entertainment (SS&E) is a value-based and community-centric sports and entertainment company that provides premier live and global digital experiences for fans across a portfolio of three teams and two venues – all supported by a passionate staff of more than 1,000 full and part-time employees. SS&E owns and operates the San Antonio Spurs (NBA), Austin Spurs (NBA G League), and San Antonio FC (USL), as well as manages the day-to-day operations of the AT&T Center, Toyota Field and STAR Complex. In November 2021, SS&E broke ground on The Rock at La Cantera, a multiphase $500 million legacy project that will extend across 45 acres and feature a human performance research center, 22-acre park, a community outdoor event plaza and space for medical, hospitality and office use. The campus will be home to the new Victory Capital Performance Center, a state-of-the-art training facility for the San Antonio Spurs, which is scheduled to open late summer of 2023. The SS&E investor group is led by Managing Partner Peter J. Holt.
SOURCE Bosch Power Tools

Bosch Volunteers and Donates Cordless Power Tools and Accessories to Support Habitat for Humanity's Affordable Housing Mission
, /PRNewswire/ -- Members of the Bosch Power Tools team from across the country came together at a Habitat for Humanity of Hillsborough County home site in Curiosity Creek in the Tampa, Florida area to install new windows and doors, supporting the project's next wave of building. This volunteer event kicked off the brand's partnership with the Habitat for Humanity of Hillsborough County team, reinforcing Bosch's commitment to invest in the Tampa community. Using a selection of donated 18V cordless power tools and accessories, Bosch helped move the needle towards reaching Habitat for Humanity's goal of building 25 new homes in the Tampa area by 2024.
Bosch Power Tools joined the Hillsborough Habitat team to volunteer time and donate a selection of 18V tools + accessories, to help the organization reach its goal of building 25 new homes in Curiosity Creek by 2024.
"The Bosch team was pleased to provide Habitat for Humanity of Hillsborough County with Bosch 18V cordless tools to not only help with this home build project, but also to help continue to build more affordable housing in the area," said Teresa Sabatino, Director of Brand Marketing Power Tools North America.
In April, Bosch Power Tools began its community engagement efforts in the Tampa area, announcing partnerships with the local Tampa Bay Rays and Rowdies teams. Now, with the brand's latest Hillsborough Habitat alliance, Bosch is continuing to build relationships with local trades workers, by making impactful investments to further development in the Tampa community.
"Our team at Hillsborough Habitat is pleased to welcome Bosch Power Tools into our family of partners, as we work together to extend homeownership opportunities for those who are underserved in our Tampa community," said Tina Forcier, CEO at Habitat for Humanity of Hillsborough County. "From the generous cordless tool donation to the volunteer hours that the Bosch team provided, every bit helps to advance our mission of improving the housing conditions within our area. We look forward to using the new Bosch 18V tools to build 25 new strong, sturdy homes in the Curiosity Creek neighborhood in the months to come."
To learn more about Hillsborough Habitat's community impact, visit their website at habitathillsborough.org or connect with their organization on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
For more information on Bosch Power Tools' latest innovations, visit our Press Room at pressroom.boschtools.com or connect with Bosch Power Tools on Facebook, Instagram and TikTok.
About Bosch
Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs nearly 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). According to preliminary 2022 figures, Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 420,000 associates worldwide (as of Dec. 31, 2022). The company generated sales of $93.1 billion in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group's strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is "Invented for life." The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch's global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. The basis for the company's future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs roughly 84,800 associates in research and development, of which more than 44,000 are software engineers. In North America, Bosch employs approximately 3,500 associates in research and development.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
About Habitat for Humanity of Hillsborough County
Habitat for Humanity of Hillsborough County became an affiliate in 1987 and is part of a global, nonprofit housing organization founded and operated on Christian principles. Habitat Hillsborough is dedicated to eliminating substandard housing locally through constructing and preserving homes; by advocating for fair and just housing policies; and by providing training and access to resources to help families improve their housing conditions. In addition, they serve homeowners through their home preservation program.
SOURCE Bosch Power Tools

New global brand name supports commercialization activities
Brand reinforces value creation to farmers and manufacturers
Recognizes a unique market offer for the smart spraying of herbicides
Cologne, Germany - Bosch BASF Smart Farming, the joint venture between Bosch and BASF Digital Farming to globally market and sell smart farming technology, announced today its new brand name: ONE SMART SPRAY.
The distinctive new brand name also applies to its product, previously known as the Smart Spraying Solution. With the name change a new logo, visual identity, and messaging will be introduced in all markets globally.
The creation of the singular ONE SMART SPRAY brand considers farmer feedback gathered in North America, South America, and Europe across the last 12 months, as product field trials progressed towards full commercial launches.
“ONE SMART SPRAY as a brand brings together the value we create and our purpose, which is to offer one integrated, convenient, and reliable solution to make herbicide spraying not only precise but smart. Not only is the new brand stronger and more memorable, but it will also support our commercialization activities,” says Jorge von Kostrisch, Global Marketing & Communications Manager of ONE SMART SPRAY. “Our new tagline ‘Precision Made Smart’ brings our purpose to life: to take weed control to the next level by integrating precision, digital and agronomic intelligence into ONE solution,” he adds.
ONE SMART SPRAY represents an important milestone in the joint venture’s growth, explains Florian Gwosdz, Co-Managing Director of ONE SMART SPRAY. “Back in 2021, Bosch BASF Smart Farming was founded upon the promising opportunity of creating something unique, by joining the hardware, software, and connectivity capabilities of Bosch with the digital and agronomic expertise of BASF. “The promise is now a reality, with the technology tested and proven, series production underway, and feedback constantly enthusiastic. The new brand is our next step to scaling up in the market.”
Konstantin Kretschun, Co-Managing Director of ONE SMART SPRAY, adds: “ONE SMART SPRAY is the realization of a value proposition like no other available to farmers today. The camera-based system developed by Bosch detects weeds in milliseconds and precisely sprays only where necessary and only as much as needed. Using the field-specific data in a digital platform by xarvio Digital Farming Solutions, ONE SMART SPRAY also offers customized agronomic recommendations, intelligent sensitivity levels, high-precision agronomic maps, automated documentation, and further features in ONE solution. This is truly smart weed control, which supports maximum input efficiency and more sustainable farming practices.”
The new brand follows recent announcements of commercial agreements with agricultural equipment manufacturers AGCO and Dammann for the integration of the ONE SMART SPRAY technology with their sprayer lines. This complements existing business contracts with Amazone and Stara, where the innovative technology will be incorporated into crop sprayers produced by each company.
For more information:
ONE SMART SPRAY brand video - YouTube
About ONE SMART SPRAY – a brand by Bosch BASF Smart Farming GmbH
ONE SMART SPRAY – a joint venture of Bosch and BASF – was established in 2021 to offer farmers the best of two worlds, joining the hardware, software and connectivity capabilities from Bosch and the digital and agronomic expertise of BASF Digital Farming. ONE SMART SPRAY makes precision smart by combining the best of precision technology, digital tools, and agronomic intelligence to take weed control to the next level and make agriculture more productive, profitable, and sustainable. More information at onesmartspray.com
About xarvio® Digital Farming Solutions – a brand by BASF Digital Farming GmbH
xarvio® Digital Farming Solutions is at the forefront of the digital transformation of agriculture, optimizing crop production. xarvio® offers digital products, based on a global leading crop modelling platform. The technology delivers independent, field-zone-specific agronomic advice that enables farmers to produce their crops most efficiently and sustainably. The products - xarvio® SCOUTING, xarvio® FIELD MANAGER and xarvio® HEALTHY FIELDS are used by farmers in more than 100 countries worldwide. More than 100,000 farmers and consultants have signed-up for xarvio® FIELD MANAGER, setting-up a field area greater than 16 million hectares in 14 countries. xarvio® SCOUTING has been downloaded by more than 7 million users. For more information please visit www.xarvio.com or any of our social media channels.
About BASF’s Agricultural Solutions division
Farming is fundamental to provide enough healthy and affordable food for a rapidly growing population while reducing environmental impacts. Working with partners and agricultural experts and by integrating sustainability criteria into all business decisions, we help farmers to create a positive impact on sustainable agriculture. That’s why we invest in a strong R&D pipeline, connecting innovative thinking with practical action in the field. Our portfolio comprises seeds and specifically selected plant traits, chemical and biological crop protection, solutions for soil management, plant health, pest control and digital farming. With expert teams in the lab, field, office and in production, we strive to find the right balance for success – for farmers, agriculture and future generations. In 2022, our division generated sales of €10.3 billion. For more information, please visit www.agriculture.basf.com or any of our social media channels.
About Bosch Group Mobility Solutions
Mobility Solutions is the largest Bosch Group business sector. According to preliminary figures, it generated sales of 52.6 billion euros in 2022, and thus contributed almost 60 percent of total sales from operations. This makes the Bosch Group one of the leading automotive suppliers. The Mobility Solutions business sector pursues a vision of mobility that is safe, sustainable, and exciting, and combines the group’s expertise in the domains of personalization, automation, electrification, and connectivity. For its customers, the outcome is integrated mobility solutions. The business sector’s main areas of activity are injection technology and powertrain peripherals for internal-combustion engines, diverse solutions for powertrain electrification, vehicle safety systems, driver-assistance and automated functions, technology for user-friendly infotainment as well as vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure communication, repair-shop concepts, and technology and services for the automotive aftermarket.
Bosch is synonymous with important automotive innovations, such as electronic engine management, the ESP anti-skid system, and common-rail diesel technology.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 420,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2022). According to preliminary figures, the company generated sales of 88.4 billion euros in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 85,000 associates in research and development, of which nearly 44,000 are software engineers.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPress
P-23-187

Opinion piece by Jonas Lundqvist, CEO at Haidrun.
Ask people about blockchain and most will associate it with Bitcoin, crypto currencies and data mining. Of course, they are not mistaken but blockchain has far wider applications across a range of industries including automotive: from protecting real-time, on-board data and helping to deliver explainable AI systems, to providing trust across complex supply chains. Global brands like Ford and BMW, for example, have already implemented blockchain within their manufacturing processes.
So, what exactly is blockchain? Blockchain is a digital transaction ledger that creates a growing list of records called blocks, which are then sealed and linked using cryptography. It is a distributed database that can efficiently record transactions between two or more parties in a permanent and verifiable way. The blockchain stores the data in blocks across multiple computers in a tamper resistant way, so that the record cannot be retrospectively altered without alerting all the users by breaking the cryptographic signature. While blockchain was originally associated with managing cryptocurrencies, the fundamental concept of the technology enables it to digitally manage any transaction.
Public v Private
For many automotive manufacturers, the idea of public blockchains allowing participants to have open access to the contents of the database does not sit well. So, a new generation of private blockchain is emerging where a single authority or organization ultimately retains control and no one can enter this type of network without proper authentication. Private blockchains offer most, if not all, the distributed benefits of public blockchains, whilst retention of overall control helps to improve privacy and eliminate many of the illicit activities often associated with public blockchains and crypto-currencies.
Private blockchains are ‘permissioned’ where participants are known or trusted and can provide full transparency with audits, checks and balances on each and every user. With far fewer nodes needed, decisions and transactions can be supported and processed at a much higher rate and require far less processing power and energy. The automotive industry has never shied away from experimenting with and adopting new technologies and blockchain, private blockchain in particular, looks set to help shape and influence the industry over the next five years.
Supply Chain Management
Supply chain fraud affects organizations of all sizes in all industries and can occur at any step in the process. A growing and challenging trend is the corruption of supply chain data, which can take a wide variety of forms including manipulation of provenance data, item quantity and payments information, as well as the introduction of fake and counterfeit goods into the system.
Blockchain distributed ledgers can provide the trust and confidence required to help ensure that transactions across all stages, from sourcing and purchasing to production and shipping are transparent and immutable, making the introduction of counterfeit components into the supply chain almost impossible. Moreover, blockchain can be used with other technologies like IoT and AI to manage the massive amounts of data produced daily by automotive manufacturers. For example, blockchains can encompass vehicle component bills of lading, harness quality-inspection records from the production process and store Work in Progress data for each assembly line from beginning to end.
Smart contracts, business logic that automatically executes, controls and documents legally relevant events and actions, may also be incorporated in manufacturing blockchains. For example, they can release sales orders automatically at specific stages of the production process, while contracts might be automatically granted to providers with the most inventory to protect supply chains.
Digital passports for vehicles
When it comes to the resale of a vehicle, the buyer can never be certain that the records of the car haven’t been falsified. However, by storing the complete history of a vehicle on a blockchain, this issue is easily resolved. It gives the user a reliable way to verify the history and provenance of a particular vehicle, as well as share relevant information about a vehicle with third parties such as insurance companies and repairers. Blockchain technology will also have a resounding effect on how we buy, sell and transfer ownership of our vehicles. A tokenized auto ownership platform could usher in a new era of provenance and ownership rights in the automotive market.
Secure Payment
Car owners may eventually be able to pay for the electricity needed to power their rechargeable vehicles using blockchain smart contracts. Consider what would happen if charging your car triggered a contract on the blockchain that withdrew the right amount of money from your bank and delivered it to the charging station. Your monthly parking fee, insurance, and any other financial activities involving your vehicle could all be affected in the same way.
Safe-Guarded Autonomous Data
As a self-driving automobile travels across the world, blockchain technology could be used to keep track of the details of the journey. This localization data might include anything from road and facility details to weather and traffic conditions. Other cars in the network may then access this data and know that it is accurate and safe and because sharing everybody else’s data is the quickest way to autonomous driving, manufacturers may soon use blockchain to safely exchange all localization data. As the data is cryptographically protected, only authorized parties would be able to view it and as a consequence, blockchain will also stop any bad actors from attempting to hack the system without everyone immediately knowing about it.
Ride-sharing Decentralized
Ride-hailing services like Lyft and Uber are already changing how we use and equally don’t use our cars. A driver picks you up in their own car and drives you to your location with only a few swipes on an application. In the not-so-far future, blockchain combined with autonomous technology may well take ridesharing to the next level. One of the aims of blockchain is to remove intermediaries between riders and drivers while improving data security. For example, by basing payment on specified criteria and encoding them in a smart card, drivers will only get paid after delivering a rider to their destination. Instead of an arbitrary cancellation charge, if a passenger cancels, the contract may give a modest percentage of the cash to the driver to account for their time. It’s possible that blockchain technology may alter the way firms like Uber function. An ecosystem-type platform may be created as a solution to remove the middlemen by shifting payment and driver or rider selection procedures to the objective, verifiable blockchain. Riders might use such a website to interact directly with drivers, evaluating individual reputations and selecting a driver based on cost, quality, and other market considerations.
Fair and Reliable Car-Sharing
Not only can blockchain-based solutions make sharing trips simpler but they also make sharing vehicle ownership easier. For instance, instead of everyone living in a high rise having a car or relying on other forms of transportation, they might share a fleet of ten vehicles. They could use an application to request access to a car when they wanted it, and the vehicles’ blockchain would track each vehicle’s activities while it was in use. The system would instantly settle payments on whatever terms the owners choose, and the encrypted nature of blockchain would eliminate the guessing about how long, far and fast cars are utilized, resulting in greater convenience and transparency for everyone.
Fleet Management
Autonomous vehicles present another strong case for blockchain technology. Here, the technology can be utilized for building platforms that allow self-driving cars to communicate and share data with all vehicles in a fleet. The cars will be able to log information about their daily activities, such as daily usage, completed routes, technical issues and other problems. With blockchain, such platforms can be made to suit the needs of both commercial and private fleets. In addition, with a little help from smart contracts and IoT, self-driving cars can become capable of recharging their batteries at designated stations during downtime.
Vehicle Insurance
Along with smart contracts for issuing insurance cover, blockchain can also automate the process of submitting an insurance claim and store real-time mileage information, driver behavior data (where permitted), and other key facts.
Self-Driving Car Applications
Self-driving cars are set to begin a massive takeover throughout the auto industry. Already, manufacturers such as Tesla Motors offer self-driving cars to their customers. While this technology is still new, most consider this the future of the auto industry. A blockchain-based system could allow self-driving cars to exchange information with each other. Even more interesting is that your car could be rewarded for its contributions to the larger self-driving car blockchain.
Current implementations of blockchain in the Automotive Industry
Four of the world’s biggest automakers have joined with other technologically advanced companies to integrate blockchain technology, within the comfort of your car. Ford, BMW, Renault and General Motors have expressed their commitment to explore blockchain technology by extending their support to the Mobility Open Blockchain Initiative (MOBI).
Ford has launched a blockchain pilot to ensure ethical sourcing of cobalt. By tracking the supply chain of cobalt on the blockchain, Ford hopes to ensure that companies are not using child-minded cobalt in lithium-ion batteries.
Volkswagen is also working towards a blockchain initiative that should prevent speedometer fraud that is widespread in the automotive industry. Making sure that dishonest car sellers cannot manipulate speedometers to produce deceptive mileage values, will help the buyers to save money.
Hyundai is also exploring the use of blockchain technology and cloud-based AI, by creating a new supply chain financing ecosystem. The project aims to automate manual processes, reduce cost and improve lead times all to enhance the customer experience.
The automotive industry has always been at the forefront of technical innovation, with vehicle manufacturers constantly looking for new ways to utilize cutting-edge technologies to their advantage. It is clear that blockchain in the automotive industry has the potential to bring significant benefits by improving supply chain processes, introducing tamper-proof record-keeping, streamlining production and supporting other innovative technologies and trends. Blockchain technology could well take the evolution of the automotive industry even further. Watch this space.

Bosch eBike Systems remains dedicated to its long-standing history of advanced battery safety measures to prioritize rider safety in the wake of New York City's new Battery Safety enforcement legislation.
Bosch eBike Systems upholds stringent eBike electrical system and battery standards, certifying to UL 2849 and UL 2271, to ensure rider safety and confidence
With a storied history of reliability, Bosch remains as a leader in eBike technology
Advanced battery management systems and thorough safety protocols enhance Bosch eBike batteries' dependability
Sold by thousands of eBike shops and trusted by over 100 leading eBike brands around the world, Bosch's commitment to quality and rider assurance sets it apart in the industry
, /PRNewswire/ -- Bosch eBike Systems, a global leader in eBike technology, reaffirms its unwavering commitment to battery safety following the recent enforcement of New York City's Battery Safety Legislation Package.
Proudly already certified to the UL 2849 and UL 2271 safety standards, riders who own a Bosch-powered eBike as well as retailers can have peace of mind as the new legislation is enforced. Bosch eBike Systems views applying safety standards to the eBike electrical system as being essential, as the criteria set forth in the standards reduce risk of fire, electric shock and mechanical hazards.
The new legislation represents a significant step forward in enhancing the safety of eBike batteries within the city. The New York City law, enacted on March 20, 2023, and in effect beginning September 16, 2023, requires all lithium-ion batteries to adhere to the UL 2271 standard, which covers the safety requirements for the design, manufacture, and testing of lithium-ion batteries used in light electric vehicles.
The UL 2849 standard tests and certifies the complete system — including the drive unit, display unit, interconnecting cables, charger and battery — for electrical, fire, and mechanical hazards, in addition to evaluating the software monitoring and maintaining safety functions.
"Bosch eBike Systems goes above and beyond the strict legal requirements, with certain tests, and pays special attention to battery safety throughout the entire value chain," said Kunal Kapoor, Bosch eBike Systems Senior Manager of Quality & Compliance. "For peace of mind, the entire Bosch eBike system is certified to UL 2849 since 2021, which is a standard covering the electrical system of eBikes powered by a lithium-based, rechargeable battery. Bosch eBike batteries are also certified to UL 2271 as required by New York City law. UL 2849 and UL 2271 have strict requirements for electrical shock, mechanical and fire hazards. Furthermore, the high-quality lithium-ion batteries have a Battery Management System (BMS) that detects significant potential sources of error and effectively protects cells against overheating."
Bosch embodies a heritage synonymous with innovation, quality, and, above all, safety. The eBike Systems division perpetuates this tradition by delivering dependable products riders can rely on. Additionally, thousands of bike shops and over 100 bike brands around the world trust in Bosch eBike systems to power their products. Safety is the heart of Bosch's innovations, reinforcing Bosch eBike Systems as the rider's trusted choice globally.
"I firmly believe that the New York legislation is a significant stride in the right direction for the safety of all New Yorkers, and the standards of the entire nation" said Chris Nolte, Founder of Propel, NY. "It's a source of immense gratitude for us, having navigated the eBike industry for years in collaboration with Bosch. Early on, we recognized the absence of standardized practices and Bosch stood out as a pioneer in shaping these crucial benchmarks. While many companies are only now beginning to embrace these standards, we are deeply thankful and proud to have been working hand in hand with Bosch, who has been at the forefront setting the bar high for the industry."
Bosch eBike Systems encourages the public to explore eBike battery safety awareness. Interested individuals can visit The eBike Battery Guide to access comprehensive insights into Bosch eBike Systems safety protocols, battery technology, and alignment with industry standards. Additionally, consumers can visit authorized Bosch eBike dealers across New York City for hands-on experiences with its safety-focused products.
Dedicated to ensuring the highest level of safety and quality for riders, Bosch eBike Systems remains steadfast in its commitment to providing reliability for riders in New York City and beyond - giving them the peace of mind they deserve while enjoying the benefits of eBiking.
To learn more, please visit www.bosch-ebike.com.
About Bosch eBike Systems
Bosch eBike Systems is shaping the future of eBike mobility with innovative products and digital services ranging from highly efficient drive systems to the first production-ready ABS for eBikes and Connected Biking solutions. On daily routes through the city, on leisurely rides through the countryside or for sporting adventures in the mountains: Bosch eBike Systems offers eBike riders the right drive system (drive unit, battery, display, and app) for every requirement and every area of use, ensuring a unique riding sensation. Today, more than 100 of the world's leading bicycle brands trust the perfectly coordinated, modular product portfolio. As an independent division within the Bosch Group, Bosch eBike Systems also makes use of the Group's technology and manufacturing expertise. For healthy, safe and sustainable mobility that is fun.
For more information please visit www.bosch-ebike.com/us
About Bosch
About Bosch Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15.1 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico in 2022. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 421,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2022). The company generated sales of $93.1 billion in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group's strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is "Invented for life." The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 470 subsidiary and regional companies in over 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch's global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company's future growth is its innovative strength. At 136 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 85,500 associates in research and development, of which nearly 44,000 are software engineers. The company was set up in Stuttgart in 1886 by Robert Bosch (1861–1942) as "Workshop for Precision Mechanics and Electrical Engineering." The special ownership structure of Robert Bosch GmbH guarantees the entrepreneurial freedom of the Bosch Group, making it possible for the company to plan over the long term and to undertake significant upfront investments in the safeguarding of its future. Ninety-four percent of the share capital of Robert Bosch GmbH is held by Robert Bosch Stiftung GmbH, a charitable foundation. The remaining shares are held by Robert Bosch GmbH and by a corporation owned by the Bosch family. The majority of voting rights are held by Robert Bosch Industrietreuhand KG, an industrial trust. The entrepreneurial ownership functions are carried out by the trust.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPress
SOURCE Bosch eBike Systems

Bosch Power Tools recognizes the player for on-field hustle and off-field community commitment
, /PRNewswire/ -- Bosch Power Tools, the Official Power Tools, Power Tool Accessories and Measuring Tools Sponsor of FC Dallas, has announced the winner of its inaugural "Hardest Worker Award," a program designed to celebrate an exceptional FC Dallas player whose hard work, commitment to the team and dedication to the game of soccer shines through on the field.
On October 7th, Bosch Power Tools awarded the inaugural “Hardest Worker Award” trophy during FC Dallas’ final home game of the season.
FC Dallas’ star Left-Back, Marco Farfan, was selected by his coaches as the winner of the “Hardest Worker Award,” due to his strong work ethic on and off the field.
Left-back Marco Farfan was named the 2023 "Hardest Worker Award" winner during a special halftime ceremony at FC Dallas' final home game of the season on Saturday, October 7th. Set to the backdrop of a video tribute on Toyota Stadium's videoboard, Bosch Power Tools Regional President, Robert Hesse, presented Farfan with a commemorative trophy and recognized the team leader in minutes played for his on-field performance, off-the-field work ethic and exceptional work in the community.
"Hard work fuels not just the FC Dallas team, but local industry and the expansion of this growing city. Marco is the epitome of what you can accomplish with hard work, determination and grit, which is something both Bosch and the hardworking FC Dallas fans relate to and admire," said Hesse. "As a company dedicated to hard work on the jobsite and in the community, I cannot think of a more fitting recipient of the 'Hardest Worker Award' than Marco Farfan."
In partnership with FC Dallas, the coaching staff and Bosch Power Tools, four stand-out FC Dallas players were nominated for the "Hardest Worker Award," who's on-and-off-field contributions were highlighted throughout the season in a four-part video series. Marco Farfan, Jader Obrian, Sam Janqua and Facundo Quignon were nominated for the award, and coaches identified Farfan as the winner based on his relentless determination, community commitment and for bringing his A-game all season.
"The FC Dallas roster is loaded with hardworking players who understand the importance of giving back to the community that supports our game," said Farfan. "I'm honored to receive this award and grateful to Bosch Power Tools for championing many of the same values my teammates and I make a point to prioritize."
Off the field, Bosch Power Tools is committed to supporting trade workers across the greater Dallas area and making meaningful connections with those in need. Bosch Power Tools is a proud partner of the Dallas Area Habitat for Humanity team, supporting their mission to build over 20 local homes in 2023. Through this support, the company donated many of the tools – like 18V miter saws, reciprocating saws and other power tools – needed to complete the builds. Several Bosch volunteers also gathered at a Dallas Habitat for Humanity build site this week, following their previous wall frame build in July, continuing to help the organization in building affordable housing in the area.
For more information on new Bosch Power Tools products and other community initiatives visit pressroom.boschtools.com or connect with Bosch Power Tools on Facebook and Instagram.
About Robert Bosch Tool Corporation
Robert Bosch Tool Corporation, the Bosch Power Tools Division of North America, was formed in January 2003 when Robert Bosch GmbH combined its North American power tool and accessories businesses into one organization. As a manufacturing pioneer with more than a century's worth of experience, the Bosch name has become synonymous with engineering excellence. Throughout North America, Bosch associates maintain a legacy of world-class design, manufacture and sale of power tools, rotary and oscillating tools, measuring tools and accessories. For more information visit www.boschtools.com.
About Bosch
Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs nearly 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). According to preliminary 2022 figures, Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 420,000 associates worldwide (as of Dec. 31, 2022). The company generated sales of $93.1 billion in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group's strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is "Invented for life." The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch's global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. The basis for the company's future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs roughly 84,800 associates in research and development, of which more than 44,000 are software engineers. In North America, Bosch employs approximately 3,500 associates in research and development.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
About FC Dallas
FC Dallas is owned by Hunt Sports LLC and is committed to creating championship moments on and off the pitch. Since being purchased from Major League Soccer in 2003, FC Dallas has developed the 145-acre Toyota Stadium and Soccer Center in Frisco, Texas where it plays its home matches. FC Dallas and its affiliates operate the MLS NEXT Academy, boys and girls' youth programs as well as MLS NEXT Pro's North Texas SC. FC Dallas won the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup in 1997 and 2016 while also winning the MLS Supporters' Shield in 2016.
SOURCE Bosch Power Tools

Report Ocean has released a research study titled “Internet of Everything (IoE) Market 2023 Forecast to 2032 Analysis by Market Trends.” This study offers precise economic forecasts, global assessments, and country-level insights. It provides a comprehensive view of the competitive market and includes an in-depth supply chain analysis to identify significant industry changes. The study explores the current market status, anticipated future growth, technological advancements, investment opportunities, market economics, and financial data. It thoroughly examines the market and offers insights based on a SWOT analysis of the industry.
Global Internet of Everything (IoE) Market is valued approximately USD $$million in 2021 and is anticipated to grow with a healthy growth rate of more than $$% over the forecast period 2022-2028. The Internet of Everything (IoE) refers to the networked connection of people, process, data, and things. In Internet of Everything (IoE) concept billions of objects Work on sensors to detect measure and assess their status, and all are connected over public or private networks using standard and proprietary protocols.
Request To Download Free Sample of This Strategic Report @https://reportocean.com/industry-verticals/sample-request?report_id=bw6373
The rising automation across different industries and increasing demand for cloud based IoT solutions as well as recent product innovations from leading market players are factors that are accelerating the global market demand. For instance, according to Statista – in 2021, the global industrial automation market amounted to USD 175 billion. The market is forecast to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of around 9% until between 20201 & 2025 to reach to USD 265 billion by 2025. Furthermore, leading market players are working towards product innovations to leverage the growing adoption of Internet of Everything solutions. For instance, in March 2021, US based Oracle released upgradations to its existing Oracle Fusion Cloud Supply Chain and Manufacturing platform. The company included IoT Production Monitoring Capabilities and IoT Asset Monitoring features to enable customers to monitor the key characteristics of their assets. Also, rising government investment towards smart city projects and increasing penetration of IoE solutions in healthcare sector are anticipated to act as a catalyzing factor for the market demand during the forecast period. However, a high deployment & maintenance cost associated with IoE Solutions impede the growth of the market over the forecast period of 2022-2028
Major market players included in this report are:
SAP SE
Amazon Web Services Inc.
AT &T Intellectual Property
Bosch Software Innovations Gmbh
Cisco Systems, Inc.
Fujitsu Limited
Google Inc.
Hewlett-Packard Enterprise
International Business Machines Corporation
Microsoft Corporation
Download Free Sample of This Strategic Report with Industry Analysis @https://reportocean.com/industry-verticals/sample-request?report_id=bw6373
A deep analysis of the Internet of Everything (IoE) Market within the technology and connectivity industry can be summarized in 10 key points:
Market Definition: The Internet of Everything (IoE) represents the interconnectedness of people, processes, data, and things through the Internet, facilitating the exchange of information and insights for various applications.
IoT and Beyond: IoE extends beyond the Internet of Things (IoT) by encompassing not only devices and sensors but also the data generated, processes that act on the data, and the human element that interacts with these systems.
Market Growth: The IoE Market has seen remarkable growth due to the increasing adoption of IoT devices, machine-to-machine communication, and the integration of AI and analytics, enabling a wide range of applications.
Industry Impact: IoE has a profound impact across industries, including smart cities, healthcare, manufacturing, agriculture, transportation, and energy, offering efficiency, automation, and data-driven decision-making.
Data Integration: IoE involves the integration of data from various sources, creating opportunities for real-time analytics, predictive insights, and process optimization.
Interconnected Ecosystem: It creates a complex, interconnected ecosystem where devices, systems, and humans collaborate, requiring robust security measures to protect against data breaches and cyber threats.
Key Technologies: Technologies such as 5G, cloud computing, edge computing, and AI are pivotal in enabling the IoE ecosystem, providing the necessary infrastructure for data transmission and processing.
Market Players: The IoE Market comprises a wide array of players, from IoT device manufacturers to software developers, telecommunications companies, and cloud service providers, all contributing to the growth of the IoE ecosystem.
Challenges: Challenges include data privacy concerns, interoperability issues, scalability, and the need for standardization to ensure seamless communication within the IoE ecosystem.
Future Prospects: The IoE Market is expected to continue expanding as technology advances, and more industries recognize the potential for improved efficiency, sustainability, and innovation through the integration of data, devices, and people.
The detailed segments and sub-segment of the market are explained below:
By Component
Hardware
Software
Services
By End Use Industry
Healthcare
Others
Manufacturing
Retail
BFSI
IT and Telecom
Get a Request Free Sample Full Report @https://reportocean.com/industry-verticals/sample-request?report_id=bw6373
By Region:
North America
U.S.
Canada
Europe
UK
Germany
France
Spain
Italy
ROE
Asia Pacific
China
India
Japan
Australia
South Korea
RoAPAC
Latin America
Brazil
Mexico
Rest of the World
Table of Contents:
Executive Summary
Introduction
Methodology
Market Overview
Market Analysis
Market Size and Forecast
Market Trends
Market Dynamics
Market Segmentation
Competitive Landscape
Competitive Scenario
Key Players
Regional Analysis
Regional Market Overview
Market Size and Forecast by Region
Product/Service Analysis
Product/Service Overview
Market Size and Forecast by Product/Service
End-User Analysis
End-User Overview
Market Size and Forecast by End-User
Industry Structure
Key Findings and Recommendations
Conclusion
Market Research Objective:
To assess market size and growth potential:
The objective is to determine the current market size, estimate its growth rate, and identify potential opportunities for market expansion.
To understand customer preferences and behavior:
The objective is to gain insights into customer needs, preferences, buying behaviors, and decision-making processes to develop effective marketing strategies and product offerings.
To evaluate market competition:
The objective is to assess the competitive landscape, identify key competitors, analyze their market share, strengths, weaknesses, and strategies to formulate a competitive positioning.
To explore new market segments:
The objective is to identify and understand untapped or emerging market segments, assess their potential demand, and evaluate the feasibility of targeting these segments.
To assess brand perception and awareness:
The objective is to measure brand awareness, perception, and loyalty among customers and target audiences to gauge the effectiveness of branding and marketing efforts.
To evaluate product or service satisfaction:
The objective is to gather feedback from customers regarding their satisfaction levels with a specific product or service, identify areas for improvement, and enhance customer experience.
To analyze market trends and industry dynamics:
The objective is to identify and analyze market trends, technological advancements, regulatory changes, and other factors influencing the industry’s dynamics to inform strategic decision-making.
To explore market entry opportunities:
The objective is to identify potential markets for expansion, assess their attractiveness, understand entry barriers, and evaluate the feasibility of entering new markets.
To conduct market segmentation and targeting:
The objective is to segment the market based on demographics, psychographics, or other relevant factors and develop targeted marketing strategies for each segment.
To assess pricing strategies:
The objective is to evaluate pricing strategies in the market, analyze price sensitivity among customers, and identify optimal pricing levels for products or services.
Request Full Report @https://reportocean.com/industry-verticals/sample-request?report_id=bw6373
About Report Ocean:
We are the best market research reports provider in the industry. Report Ocean is the world’s leading research company, known for its informative research reports. We are committed to providing our clients with both quantitative and qualitative research results. As a part of our global network and comprehensive industry coverage, we offer in-depth knowledge, allowing informed and strategic business conclusions to report. We utilize the most recent technology and analysis tools along with our own unique research models and years of expertise, which assist us to create necessary details and facts that exceed expectations.
Get in Touch with Us:
Report Ocean:
Email: sales@reportocean.com
Address: 500 N Michigan Ave, Suite 600, Chicago, Illinois 60611 – UNITED STATES
Tel: +1888 212 3539 (US – TOLL FREE)
Website: https://reportocean.com

About Bosch BASF Smart Farming
Bosch BASF Smart Farming – a joint venture of Bosch and BASF – was established in 2021 to combine the best of two worlds: with the agronomic know-how from BASF and hardware expertise from Bosch, we create the farming of tomorrow, today. Combining precision technology, digital tools, and agronomic intelligence, we offer smart farming solutions that really work to make agriculture more productive, profitable, and sustainable. More information at: www.smartfarming.ag
About AGCO
AGCO (NYSE: AGCO) is a global leader in the design, manufacture and distribution of agricultural machinery and precision ag technology. AGCO delivers customer value through its differentiated brand portfolio including core brands like Challenger®, Fendt®, GSI®, Massey Ferguson® and Valtra®. Powered by Fuse® smart farming solutions, AGCO’s full line of equipment and services help farmers sustainably feed our world. Founded in 1990 and headquartered in Duluth, Georgia, USA, AGCO had net sales of $11.1 billion in 2021. For more information, visit www.AGCOcorp.com. For company news, information and events, please follow us on Twitter: @AGCOCorp. For financial news on Twitter, please follow the hashtag #AGCOIR. Please visit our website at www.agcocorp.com.
About xarvio® Digital Farming Solutions – a brand by BASF Digital Farming GmbH
xarvio® Digital Farming Solutions is at the forefront of the digital transformation of agriculture, optimizing crop production. xarvio® offers digital products, based on a global leading crop modelling platform. The technology delivers independent, field-zone-specific agronomic advice that enables farmers to produce their crops most efficiently and sustainably. The products - xarvio® SCOUTING, xarvio® FIELD MANAGER and xarvio® HEALTHY FIELDS are used by farmers in more than 100 countries worldwide. More than 100,000 farmers and consultants have signed-up for xarvio® FIELD MANAGER, setting-up a field area greater than 16 million hectares in 14 countries. xarvio® SCOUTING has been downloaded by more than 7 million users. For more information please visit www.xarvio.com or any of our social media channels.
About BASF’s Agricultural Solutions division
Farming is fundamental to provide enough healthy and affordable food for a rapidly growing population while reducing environmental impacts. Working with partners and agricultural experts and by integrating sustainability criteria into all business decisions, we help farmers to create a positive impact on sustainable agriculture. That’s why we invest in a strong R&D pipeline, connecting innovative thinking with practical action in the field. Our portfolio comprises seeds and specifically selected plant traits, chemical and biological crop protection, solutions for soil management, plant health, pest control and digital farming. With expert teams in the lab, field, office and in production, we strive to find the right balance for success – for farmers, agriculture and future generations. In 2022, our division generated sales of €10.3 billion. For more information, please visit www.agriculture.basf.com or any of our social media channels.
About Bosch Group Mobility Solutions
Mobility Solutions is the largest division of the Bosch Group. In 2019, it contributed with 46.8 billion euros, accounted for 60 percent of operating sales. This makes the technology company one of the leading suppliers to the automotive industry. The Mobility Solutions division pursues the vision of safe, sustainable and inspiring mobility of the future and bundles its competencies in the domains of personalization, automation and mobility management. electrification and networking. The division offers its customers integrated mobility solutions. The main business areas are: Injection technology and auxiliary units for combustion engines as well as a wide range of solutions for powertrain electrification, vehicle safety systems, assistance and automation functions, Technology for user-friendly infotainment and communication across vehicles, workshop concepts as well as technology and service for the automotive trade. Important automotive innovations such as electronic engine management, anti-skid ESP, or common-rail diesel technology come from Bosch.
The Bosch Group is a leading international technology and service company with some 400,000 associates worldwide (as of December 31, 2019). In fiscal year 2019, it generated sales of 77.7 billion euros. Its activities are divided into the four business sectors Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading provider in the Internet of Things (IoT), Bosch offers innovative solutions for Smart Home, Industry 4.0, and Connected Mobility. Bosch is pursuing the vision of sustainable, safe, and exciting mobility.
With its expertise in sensor technology, software and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, the company can offer its customers networked and cross-domain solutions from a single source. The strategic goal of the Bosch Group is to provide solutions and products for networked life that either have artificial intelligence (AI) or are developed or produced with their help. With innovative and inspiring products and services, Bosch improves the quality of life of people all over the world.
Bosch offers "Invented for life. The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiaries and regional companies in 60 countries. Including trading and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, development, and sales network covers almost every country in the world. The basis for future growth is the innovative strength of the company. Bosch employs some 72,600 associates in research and development at 126 locations worldwide. The company employs some 30,000 software developers. More information is available at www.bosch.com, iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-presse.de, twitter.com/BoschPress.
P-23-159

The brand's new assortment of power tools takes on tough applications – from concrete to wood – with ease
, /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Bosch Power Tools, announced the launch of 17 new power tools, adding new innovations to the brand's growing CORE18V platform in 2023. The brand's latest offerings include new options within the oscillating multi-tool and grinder tool categories, designed to deliver skilled workers with enhanced efficiency on the jobsite.
Bosch Power Tools Introduces New Tools to the 18V Line featuring the 18V Brushless StarlockPlus® Oscillating Multi-Tool – to help workers optimize performance on the job site.
18V Brushless StarlockPlus® Oscillating Multi-Tool
"Our team of engineers are innovating relentlessly and are eager to introduce new tools and solutions – from mid-torque impact wrenches to the 18V Brushless StarlockPlus® Oscillating Multi-Tool – to help workers optimize performance on the job site," said Philipp Gosau, director of product development for Bosch Tools North America. "The new StarlockPlus® Oscillating Multi-Tool combines improved user handling, increased cutting performance with outstanding blade grip and reduced vibrations up to 80% from previous generations, creating an elevated experience for workers when tackling the toughest of applications."
Cutting Solutions
Oscillating Multi-Tools
18V Brushless StarlockPlus® Oscillating Multi-Tool (GOP18V-34)
User-friendly Oscillating Multi-Tool – Features upgraded user handling, increased cutting performance and an outstanding blade grip
Redesigned Handle – Rotated battery position by 90 degrees, helping to make handling more convenient with less interference when flush cutting
Vibration Control – Reduces vibration up to 80% compared to the previous generation of the Bosch 18V oscillating multi-tool
Saw & Saw Accessories
18V Brushless Barrel-Grip Jig Saw (GST18V-50BN)
Powerful 18V Jig Saw Design – Delivers up to 3,500 no-load strokes per minute
Variable-Speed Control – Provides a dial to control operating speed, from 500 up to 3,500 no-load strokes per minute
Corded performance – Delivers a corded-equivalent cutting capability up to 4.9-in. in wood with a cordless design
18V Brushless Connected Barrel-Grip Jig Saw (GST18V-60BC)
Adjustable Blade Guide/Channel – Minimizes blade deflection while performing straight or curve cuts
Four pendulum stages – Delivers varied blade strokes to shift from fast cutting to cleaner cuts
Precision control – Saw blade channel helps remove fish tailing during curve cutting
18V Brushless Connected Top-Handle Jig Saw (GST18V-60C)
Four Pendulum Stages – Delivers varied blade strokes to shift from fast cutting to cleaner cuts
Variable-Speed Trigger – Provides control over the operating speed by feathering the trigger
Adjustable Blade Guide/Channel – Minimizes blade deflection while performing straight or curve cuts
15-Amp 10-In. Jobsite Table Saw with Gravity-Rise Wheeled Stand (GTS15-10)
Convenience Brake – Helps the blade stop in approximately three seconds, increasing productivity
Clampzone™ Areas – Allows the tabletop to be used as a light-duty, secondary work surface
Open Frame Design – Equipped with open frame roll bar and lightweight construction for durability
Table Saw Outfeed Support Assembly (TS1015)
Extended Work Surface – extends working depth of Bosch GTS15-10 1-in. table saw
Convenient Storage - Stores flush to table
Steel Construction - hardened metal construction with aluminum mounts
Table Saw Dado Insert (TS1014)
Genuine Bosch Attachment – Provides high quality designed exclusively for the Bosch GTS15-10 10-in. Worksite Table Saw
Solid Surface – Allows the worker to custom cut the width, helping reduce splintering
Durable – Insert is made of steel construction with red finish
Table Saw Zero – Clearance Insert (TS1017)
Genuine Bosch attachment – High quality and designed exclusively for the Bosch GTS15-10 10-in. Worksite Table Saw
Zero-Clearance Insert – Supports the workpiece closer to the blade
Improved Control – Helps maximize tear out
Reduces Wood Damage – Makes precision cuts at 90 degrees, insert reducing kerf clearance to the thickness of the blade
Concrete & Masonry Solutions
Grinders
18V Brushless 41/2 - 5-In. Angle Grinder with No Lock-On Paddle Switch (GWS18V-10P)
Brushless Motor – Provides comparable 10 amps of performance and greater efficiency that maximizes runtime and productivity
Adjustable Tool-Free Guard – Designed with multiple fixed-adjustment settings to allow the user to position the guard in a variety of working angles
Kickback Control – Helps shut the tool off if the wheel gets into a binding situation
Rotary Hammers & Attachments
18V Brushless SDS-plus Bulldog 3/4-In. Rotary Hammer (GBH18V-22)
Superior Impact – Delivers 1.4 Ft. - Lbs. of impact energy (EPTA) for maximum performance in heavy-duty applications, like concrete
Efficient Brushless Motor – Maximizes battery runtime in extended applications
Kickback Control – Helps to reduce the risk of sudden tool reactions in binding conditions
18V Brushless Connected-Ready SDS-plus Bulldog 1-1/8 In. Rotary Hammer (GBH18V-28C)
Superior Impact – Delivers 2.6 ft. - lbs. of impact energy (EPTA) for maximum performance in heavy-duty applications in concrete
Efficient Brushless Motor – Maximizes battery runtime in extended applications
Kickback Control– Helps to reduce the risk of sudden tool reactions in binding conditions
SDS-plus 1/2-In. Dust Collection Attachment
Mobile Dust Extractor Design – Built to deliver maximum mobility used with the Bosch 18V GBH18V-22 Bulldog™ rotary hammer
Removable Dust Container – Provides capacity for up to 20 holes using a 1/2-in. diameter bit drilling 2-in. deep into concrete
Dust Control – Helps to reduce harmful airborne silica dust and the labor required for dust clean up
Fastening and Driving Solutions
18V Brushless 1/2-In. Mid-torque Impact Wrench with Pin Detent
Impact wrench design – Delivers power and control for tightening lag bolts, concrete anchors and lug nuts
Power – Delivers 330ft. - lbs. of max fastening torque and 590ft. – lbs. of max breakaway torque
Variable-speed power output – Controls max torque and speed with three settings
Rivet Solutions
18V Brushless Connected Rivet Tool
Two-Mode Operation – Includes automatic running of the riveting operation and manual mode for individual riveting control
Easy to Handle – Designed to provide balanced handling
Compatible with a Range of Rivets – Installs aluminum and stainless-steel blind rivets in size 1/8-in., 5/32-in., 3/16-in., and 1/4-in. diameter
Efficient Riveting – Offers a stroke length of 0.98-in and 3,595 lbs. of pull force
Batteries
18V CORE18V Lithium-Ion 6 Ah High Power Battery (GBA18V60)
Performance – Delivers 50% more runtime and over 75% more power than CORE18V® 4 Ah battery, powering high-demand applications
Efficiency – Features two layers of enhanced 21700 cells for greater battery efficiency
Bosch-Exclusive CoolPack™ 2.0 technology – Cools the battery and helps provide longer battery lifetime compared to non-CoolPack™ Bosch 18V batteries
AMPShare System Combability – battery is compatible with Bosch 18V chargers and the AMPShare™ System, which is designed to be multi-brand compatible across many cordless products to make managing your workday easier
Starter Kits
18V Starter Kit with (1) CORE18V 6 Ah High Power Battery and (1) GAL18V-160C 18V Lithium-Ion Battery Turbo Charger (GXS18V-19N16)
Performance – Delivers 50% more runtime and over 75% more power than CORE18V® 4 Ah battery, powering high-demand applications
High-power, turbo charger – Provides fast and faster charging with optional Power Boost™ mode
Battery efficiency – Features two layers of enhanced 21700 cells for greater battery efficiency
18V Starter Kit with (2) CORE18V 6 Ah High Power Battery and (1) BC1880 18V Lithium-Ion Battery Fast Charger (GXS18V-20N26)
Performance – Delivers 50% more runtime and over 75% more power than CORE18V® 4 Ah battery, powering high-demand applications
Engineered for charging speed – Delivers at least 40% faster charging than Bosch standard 18V chargers with CORE18V® 4 Ah battery
Bosch-Exclusive CoolPack™ 2.0 Technology – Cools the battery and helps provide longer battery lifetime compared to non-CoolPack™ Bosch 18V batteries
All 17 Bosch power tools are available in the U.S. and Canada. For more information on Bosch Power Tools' latest innovations, visit our Press Room at pressroom.boschtools.com or connect with Bosch Power Tools on Facebook, Instagram and TikTok.
About Bosch Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs nearly 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). According to preliminary 2022 figures, Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 420,000 associates worldwide (as of Dec. 31, 2022). The company generated sales of $93.1 billion in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group's strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is "Invented for life." The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch's global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. The basis for the company's future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs roughly 84,800 associates in research and development, of which more than 44,000 are software engineers. In North America, Bosch employs approximately 3,500 associates in research and development.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
SOURCE Bosch Power Tools

By the IoT Analytics team.
IoT Analytics today published its State of the IoT-Spring 2023 report on the current state of the Internet of Things including market update and forecast, latest trends, and more.
KEY QUOTES:
Knud Lasse Lueth, CEO at IoT Analytics, comments:
“Despite general economic uncertainty, the state of the IoT market right now remains predominantly positive. Industrial IoT projects and Industry 4.0 in particular stand out as driving forces in the current market environment. On the flipside we have recently seen IoT-related layoffs in the IT industry and we also do see that investment flows into IoT-focused start-ups has declined significantly.”
Satyajit Sinha, Principal Analyst at IoT Analytics, adds: “As we look towards the future of IoT connectivity, two trends are noteworthy. The first is the convergence of LPWAN technologies, shifting the industry towards a multi-connectivity solution view. This shift will likely lead to new multi-LPWAN connectivity modules, providing end-to-end connectivity in verticals such as logistics and mobility. The second trend is the growing popularity of LEO-based satellite IoT connectivity, which offers extensive coverage, minimal delays, and strong reliability. With satellite IoT connections expected to grow at a CAGR of 25%, integrating satellite connectivity options into LPWA chipsets is expected to drive further innovation and growth in the IoT market.”
IoT connections market update—May 2023
The latest IoT Analytics “State of IoT—Spring 2023” report shows that the number of global IoT connections grew by 18% in 2022 to 14.3 billion active IoT endpoints. In 2023, IoT Analytics expects the global number of connected IoT devices to grow another 16%, to 16 billion active endpoints. While 2023 growth is forecasted to be slightly lower than it was in 2022, IoT device connections are expected to continue to grow for many years to come.
IoT connections forecast
According to our analysis, by 2027, there will likely be more than 29 billion IoT connections. Compared to our last IoT device market update a year ago, we lowered our five-year IoT market outlook for two important reasons:
1. Chipset supply to remain constraint for years to come in the face of surging demand
Chipset supply chains have considerably improved in 2023 as demand has weakened in the face of a slowing economy. Despite the demand slump, current chip lead times remain elevated compared to pre-COVID-19 levels. We believe that once the economy recovers and a new demand wave kicks in, chipset supply will become much more constraint again. While it is true that a lot of chip manufacturing capacity is being planned as we speak, fueled by government initiatives such as the US Chip and Science Act (2022) and the EU Chips Act (2022), it may take many years until supply matches or surpasses demand for the majority of different types of chipsets.
Make no mistake, the investments into new chip manufacturing capacity are enormous. TSMC has increased its capital expenditure from approximately $15 billion in 2019 to $42–$44 billion in 2022. Similarly, in 2023, Samsung announced that it plans to invest $230 billion in South Korea over the next 20 years to build new chip production capacity. However, these investments take time to materialize. Semiconductor plant constructions typically take three to four years to complete, and it can take another three to four years for facilities to reach full capacity.
2. China uncertainties
In the last years, China was the leading country for new IoT device connections, with active cellular IoT connections in China alone surpassing two billion in 2022. However, the high growth years may be coming to an end with the country facing a number of issues, including technological supply shortages on the back of renewed US–China trade tensions, most notably in the semiconductor industry. In October 2022, the US placed an export ban on China, causing significant disruption to these industries. Consequently, chip companies are relocating their facilities outside of China. Some companies, such as Infineon, TSMC, AMAT, and ASML, have announced that they are moving parts of their production out of China.
The leading IoT connectivity technologies: three technologies making up nearly 80% of the market
Global IoT connectivity is dominated by three key technologies: Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and cellular IoT.
1. Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi makes up 31% of all IoT connections. In 2022, more than half of Wi-Fi-enabled devices shipped worldwide were based on the latest Wi-Fi 6 and Wi-Fi 6E technologies, which promise faster and more reliable wireless connectivity. The adoption of these technologies has made communication between IoT devices more efficient, leading to improved user experiences and overall performance. Wi-Fi technology is leading IoT connectivity in sectors such as smart homes, buildings, and healthcare.
2. Bluetooth. 27% of global IoT connections rely on Bluetooth. Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), also known as Bluetooth Smart, has been continuously developed to allow IoT devices to maintain reliable connectivity while consuming limited power. As a result, BLE is now the preferred option for battery-powered IoT devices such as smart home sensors and asset tracking devices. Even the industrial sector is starting to show increasing interest in IO-Link Wireless technology, which is based on IEEE 802.15.1 (the technical standard for Bluetooth) and allows for wireless communication between sensors/actuators and an I/O master.
3. Cellular IoT. Cellular IoT (2G, 3G, 4G, 5G, LTE-M, and NB-IoT) now makes up nearly 20% of global IoT connections. According to the Global Cellular IoT Connectivity Tracker & Forecast (Q1/2023 Update) by IoT Analytics, global cellular IoT connections grew 27% YoY in 2022, strongly surpassing the growth rate for global IoT connections. This growth is due to the adoption of newer technologies such as LTE-M, NB-IoT, LTE-Cat 1, and LTE Cat 1 bis, as older technologies such as 2G and 3G are phased out. Although 5G module shipments also grew more than 100% YoY in 2022, the growth rate is still slower than many had expected. In 2023, the top five network operators—China Mobile, China Telecom, China Unicom, Vodafone, and AT&T—managed 84% of all global cellular IoT connections. In terms of IoT revenue, the top five network operators make up 64% of the IoT network operator market, with China Mobile, AT&T, Deutsche Telekom (including T-Mobile), China Unicom, and Verizon leading the market.
The analysis shows a few notable shifts over the years, for example:
I. China Mobile jumped from fifth place in 2012 to first place in 2021 and is expected to remain there in the foreseeable future.
II. AT&T, Verizon, and Deutsche Telekom have consistently ranked in the top five from 2010 to 2022 and are expected to maintain their positions through 2027.
III. China Unicom joined the top five in 2022 and is projected to remain among the leading network operators through 2027.
IoT connectivity trends to look out for
While the general IoT connectivity landscape only changes slowly (e.g., some devices remain connected for a decade or even longer), new IoT connectivity technologies do have an impact on the landscape in the long run. Here are two interesting developments we are monitoring (for more also visit our Embedded World conference 2023 takeaways and our MWC 2023 takeaways):
1. LPWAN technology convergence
In 2022, the LPWAN industry saw two significant events that shifted the focus from competition among LPWAN connectivity technologies to co-existence and convergence of those technologies. UnaBiz‘s acquisition of Sigfox and Semtech’s acquisition of Sierra Wireless paved the way for LPWAN companies to provide multi-connectivity of several LPWAN technologies at the same time. To make this convergence happen and be able to deploy any LPWAN technology, UnaBiz, for example, now collaborates with The Things Industries, Actility, Soracom, LORIOT, and others. This means that UnaBiz has become more than just a technology provider but rather a solution provider that also bundles all different technologies and orchestrates them on their own software platform. UnaBiz is just one example that shows how the industry is shifting from a single LPWAN technology view to a multi-connectivity solution view.
We anticipate that this LPWAN convergence may lead to the emergence of new multi-LPWAN connectivity modules in the future that would provide end-to-end connectivity in verticals such as logistics and mobility.
2. LEO-based satellite IoT connectivity
LEO satellite connectivity for IoT is gaining popularity because it provides extensive coverage, minimal delays, and strong reliability. The technology is especially useful in the agriculture, maritime, and logistics industries. LEO satellites are closer to Earth than traditional satellites, resulting in reduced latency and faster data transmission, which are essential for real-time data processing. This type of connectivity is more resilient and reliable, ensuring consistent communication, even in challenging environments or during natural disasters. Advancements in LEO-based IoT satellite connectivity continue to optimize performance and enhance the user experience.
According to IoT Analytics, satellite IoT connections are expected to grow from six million to 22 million between 2022 to 2027, at a CAGR of 25%. While this growth is expected to have a minor effect on the overall market, the integration of satellite connectivity options into LPWA chipsets by companies like Qualcomm could accelerate adoption. Sony Semiconductor already launched ALT1350, the first cellular IoT LPWA chipset to offer satellite connectivity, which opens up new possibilities for IoT devices to communicate beyond traditional network boundaries. This integration of satellite connectivity into LPWA chipsets is expected to drive further innovation and growth in the IoT market.
Other State of IoT (Spring 2023) research highlights
The 137-page report highlights a number of current developments in the IoT market. Here are three developments that are discussed in more depth in the report:
1. Predominantly positive IoT sentiment going into the second half of 2023
Despite a number of macro uncertainties and some (IoT-related) layoffs, the IoT market remains largely intact going into the second half of 2023. Most market participants have a predominantly positive outlook, with industrial IoT projects and Industry 4.0 initiatives driving the market. Below are some recent representative quotes from chip companies with a focus on IoT:
“We continue to secure major greenfield design wins, even amid macro uncertainty. The IoT market has incredible potential, with thousands of new applications on the horizon.” – Matt Johnson – President & CEO, Silicon Laboratories (1 February 2023)
“The industrial IoT markets are performing better than our expectations.” – Kurt Sievers – President & CEO, NXP Semiconductors (31 January 2023)
2. IoT platforms market is consolidating
Several major companies that were selling IoT platforms recently announced discontinuations, including Google’s IoT Core, Bosch‘s IoT Device Management, IBM’s Watson IoT Platform, and SAP’s IoT services. The reasons for the strategic shift away from IoT vary. The market dominance of Microsoft Azure IoT and AWS IoT in “generic” IoT platforms certainly played a role, in conjunction with the “the lack of profitability” in the offered IoT services. Several of these companies have announced a shift toward creating solutions specific to particular verticals or relying more on a few select partners to continue to support IoT initiatives (e.g., Google–Litmus Automation partnership).
“IoT services themselves don’t make enough money. The services like AWS IoT Core and Azure IoT Hub are expensive to build and maintain and by themselves they are likely not profit-making.” – Former IoT Product Lead, Microsoft
3. IoT-focused start-ups are struggling to secure funding
The amount of money invested in global IoT start-ups decreased significantly in the last 12 months. In the first quarter of 2023, we tracked 52 IoT-related funding rounds totalling $840 million, a 45% reduction in the value of investment in IoT start-ups companies compared to Q1/2022. Some of the larger recent IoT-related funding rounds include a $150 million Series D for US-based chipset manufacturer Astera Labs in November 2022 and a $43 million Series C for China-based connectivity chipset company XINYI Information Technology in March 2023.

CHARLOTTE, N.C. – Bosch Rexroth announces Erwin Wieckowski, P.Eng. as the new President and CEO of Bosch Rexroth North and Central America based in Charlotte, NC, effective Oct. 1, 2023.
The role has been performed on an interim basis by Reinhard Schaefer, in addition to his role as a member of the Divisional Board of Management with responsibility for Manufacturing. Schaefer will remain in the region to support the transition.
“We are thrilled to have Erwin join our organization,” said Reinhard Schaefer. “I know he will successfully lead this region during a time of significant growth opportunities.”
About Bosch Rexroth:
As one of the world’s leading suppliers of drive and control technologies, Bosch Rexroth ensures efficient, powerful, and safe movement in machines and systems of any size. The company bundles global application experience in the market segments of mobile and industrial applications as well as factory automation.
With its intelligent components, customized system solutions, engineering and services, Bosch Rexroth is creating the necessary environment for fully connected applications. Bosch Rexroth offers its customers hydraulics, electric drive and control technology, gear technology and linear motion and assembly technology, including software and interfaces to the Internet of Things. With locations in over 80 countries, more than 32,000 associates generated sales revenue of around seven billion Euros in 2022.
To learn more, please visit www.boschrexroth-us.com
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 421,000 associates worldwide (as of Dec. 31, 2022). The company generated sales of 88.2 billion Euros in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group’s strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (A.I.) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is “Invented for life.” The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 470 subsidiary and regional companies in over 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch’s global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company’s future growth is its innovative strength. At 136 locations across the globe, Bosch employs some 85,500 associates in research and development, of which nearly 44,000 are software engineers.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch–press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.

The Internet of Things is growing. In 2021, there were over 10 billion IoT devices in the world, and by 2025, IDC expects global data generation to exceed 73 zettabytes.
With more and more connected devices in operation every day, Technology Magazine take a look at 10 of the top players in the IoT industry.
10: Verizon
From fleet management to smart cities and connected commerce, Verizon has long been a leading name in IoT and continues to expand on its possibilities with complementary offerings such as mobile edge computing and 5G, and was named a Leader in the Magic Quadrant for Managed IoT Connectivity Services, Worldwide by Gartner.
9: IBM
IBM's Watson IoT platform provides a clean and simple UI where users can simply and easily add and manage their devices, control access to their IoT service, and monitor their usage.
By combining IoT data with IBM Cloud technologies, businesses can extract valuable insights to improve virtually every aspect of their operations and enable innovative, new business models.
8: Samsung
Samsung offers turnkey solutions for all IoT fields, from smart home to B2B and industrial, with secured connectivity and faster processing power.
Through its SmartThings hub, users can directly control connected devices, from checking what’s in the fridge, managing home theatre systems, or answering the doorbell.
7: SAP
SAP’s Internet of Things solution is a collection of services, apps, and UI templates that help users model digital twins of real-world objects that they want to monitor, track, or analyse.
SAP provides services to industries like energy and natural resources, finance, consumer industries, discrete industries, and public services. SAP has SAP Leonardo IoT, SAP Edge Services, and SAP Cloud Platform.
6: Siemens
Known for providing products, solutions, and services for building and operating microgrids, German automation company Siemens offers an intelligent gateway for IoT solutions.
Siemens’ Insights Hub, formerly known as Mindsphere, drives smart manufacturing through the industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), enabling users to gain actionable insights with asset and operational data and improve their processes.
5: Bosch
Bosch provides an IoT suite for connecting and managing devices, gateways, and sensors. It provides secure access management as well as an open IoT platform for all types of domains.
Bosch IoT Insights is a fully managed cloud service that collects, processes, and stores users’ IoT data for further analytics. Bosch IoT Insights is a one-stop self-service tool that gives you the freedom to work independently and autonomously with your data.
4: Huawei
Telecommunications company Huawei offers a range of IoT solutions such as connected cars, public utilities, and predictive maintenance.
Huawei's IoT strategy is to supply IoT infrastructure and build an ecosystem through expanded connections, cloud services, and AI, which will in turn support rapid service rollout, global reachability through cloud services, and monetizable IoT applications.
3: Cisco
Cisco provides a range of different products and services for the IoT industry. It also provides them for the security, data centre, and wireless networks sectors. The company is well-known for designing and selling products related to the IT industry. In the Internet of Things sector, it offers solutions for IoT Operations Management, IoT Data Management, IoT Networking, IoT Gateways, and IoT Security.
2: AWS
AWS IoT provides cloud services that allow users to connect their IoT devices to other devices and AWS cloud services. AWS IoT provides device software that can help you integrate your IoT devices into AWS IoT-based solutions.
The service is based around AWS IoT Core, which can support billions of devices and trillions of messages, and can process and route those messages to AWS endpoints and to other devices reliably and securely.
AWS IoT Core makes it easy to use AWS services such as AWS Lambda, Amazon Kinesis, Amazon S3, Amazon SageMaker, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon CloudWatch, AWS CloudTrail, and Amazon QuickSight to build Internet of IoT applications that gather, process, analyze and act on data generated by connected devices, without having to manage any infrastructure.
1: Microsoft
A collection of Microsoft-managed cloud services allowing users to connect, monitor, and control IoT assets at scale, the Microsoft Azure IoT platform can help industries improve their operations to become more efficient, agile, and sustainable.
For the third year in a row, in 2022 Gartner positioned Microsoft as a Leader in the 2022 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Global Industrial IoT Platforms. “Azure IoT capitalises on Microsoft’s broader platform and offers cloud, edge and hybrid deployment options,” Gartner said. “These products can be combined for a comprehensive end-to-end solution for nearly any use case and industry.”

Bosch Donates Cordless Tools and Volunteers Time to Support the Dallas Community
, /PRNewswire/ -- On July 12th, several members of the Bosch Power Tools team gathered together at the Dallas Area Habitat for Humanity Wall Shop to help cut and build wall frames, an integral structural component to the 20+ homes being built in the area. This marked the official launch of the company's inaugural partnership with the organization that included a donation of some of Bosch's latest 18V cordless power tools, like the Miter Saw and Reciprocating Saw, to support local homebuilding efforts in Dallas.
Bosch Power Tools volunteers headed to the Dallas Area Habitat for Humanity Wall Shop to help build essential wall framing, using the brand’s donated Miter Saws.
"Bosch Power Tools is a proud partner of the Dallas Area Habitat for Humanity team helping to support the organization's admirable work to strengthen the local community through its affordable housing efforts," said Teresa Sabatino, Director of Brand Marketing Power Tools North America. "We're honored to support Habitat for Humanity's goal of building 20+ new homes across Dallas this year, providing volunteers and tools to support this effort."
The Bosch 18V tools donated will be supporting the future building efforts of Habitat for Humanity in Dallas for years to come. Each 18V product is designed for ease-of-use and can move from a shop to a warehouse or a home build location, supporting Habitat's builds from start to finish.
"The Bosch team was honored to work alongside the Core Volunteers at the Dallas Area Habitat for Humanity during this week's build," said an on-site Bosch volunteer. "Not only were we able to complete the interior framing for an entire home, but we met some of the families who will live in these homes once they are complete, helping us see first-hand how Habitat directly impacts the community."
This year, Bosch Power Tools is furthering their relationship within the Dallas community, making meaningful connections through a variety of avenues. Whether it's in the stands at an FC Dallas soccer game or on a Habitat home build site, Bosch is committed to supporting trade workers across the Dallas-area as their hard work drives the industry and expansion of this growing city.
"We are extremely grateful for this generous donation from Bosch Power Tools and are excited to kick-start our new partnership," said William Eubanks III, CEO of the Dallas Area Habitat for Humanity. "Support at this level not only furthers our mission of providing affordable housing to local families but also offers our build site managers the tools they need to make our construction efforts even more efficient. We had a great time getting down in the sawdust alongside the Bosch volunteers at our Wall Shop yesterday and look forward to using our new Bosch 18V cordless tools on several build sites this year."
To learn more about the Dallas Area Habitat for Humanity's community impact, visit their website at dallasareahabitat.org or connect with their organization on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
For more information on the Bosch Power Tools' latest innovation, visit our Press Room at pressroom.boschtools.com or connect with Bosch Power Tools on Facebook and Instagram.
About Bosch
Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs nearly 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). According to preliminary 2022 figures, Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 420,000 associates worldwide (as of Dec. 31, 2022). The company generated sales of $93.1 billion in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group's strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is "Invented for life." The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch's global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. The basis for the company's future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs roughly 84,800 associates in research and development, of which more than 44,000 are software engineers. In North America, Bosch employs approximately 3,500 associates in research and development. Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
About Dallas Area Habitat for Humanity
Through affordable homeownership opportunities, financial education, advocacy, and neighborhood empowerment programs, Dallas Habitat transforms families, revitalizes neighborhoods, and is working together to build a better Dallas. Strategically bringing together public and private funding, community leadership and vision, and thousands of volunteers — we will break the cycle of poverty and transform our communities. Using affordable homeownership as an anchor for hope, change, and stability, Dallas Habitat has served more than 2,100 low-income families since 1986, resulting in an investment of nearly $200 million in more than 25 Dallas area neighborhoods. Learn more at dallasareahabitat.org.
SOURCE Bosch Power Tools

The brand's second largest product drop of the year broadens its tool offerings for specialty tradespeople, while providing a warranty program designed to protect products longer
, /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Bosch Power Tools introduced new tools including an 18V concrete nailer and heat gun, continuing to expand its cordless portfolio to support trade workers. In addition to the new tools, Bosch Power Tools also announced a new and enhanced 18V Limited Warranty that offers extended coverage for 18V tools, chargers, and batteries.
Bosch’s new lineup of cordless power tools supports various trades and are protected by its enhanced 18V Limited Warranty.
Effective June 1st, Bosch's new 18V limited warranty extends the coverage for cordless 18V tools and chargers from one year to five years and 18V batteries from one year to three years. With the updated 18V limited warranty, product registration is no longer required to receive extended coverage, but is still highly recommended. With this newly enhanced limited warranty, workers can now have even more confidence in Bosch Tools to get the job done.
"Our Bosch team is keeping the momentum going with new products and an improved 18V limited warranty to better equip trade workers, including plumbers, electricians, HVAC installers and drywallers with tools designed for the work. The new 18V Concrete Nailer, the newest addition to the PROFACTOR high-powered system, is expected to be a fan favorite for workers looking for a fast, consistent nailing solution. The new nailer is powered by CORE18V high power batteries and delivers gas-powered comparable performance for the toughest nailing jobs," said Philipp Gosau, Director of Product Development for Bosch Tools North America.
18V Limited Warranty: For more details on the updated terms of the 18V limited warranty, visit https://www.boschtools.com/us/en/service/product-warranty/ or 1-877-BOSCH99
Concrete Nailing Solutions
18V Concrete Nailer (GNB18V-12N) & 18V Concrete Nailer Kit (GNB18V-12K14)
PROFACTOR™ System – Delivers gas-powered comparable performance with a cordless design that's engineered to last
Collated-Shot Magazine – Comes with a 22-shot collated magazine and a single-shot magazine. An extra-capacity magazine, which can hold up to 44 collated nails, is sold separately.
Open-System - Allows for most competitive brand collated nails and single shots to be used
Air Spring Design – Provides fast, consistent nailing on the jobsite
Depth Adjustment – A built-in sliding switch adjusts the nail depth into the workpiece
Single-shot magazine and nosepiece – Allows the user to easily swap between collated nails to single shots for MEP applications
On-Tool User Display – Helps manage tool performance, troubleshooting and battery life status
Pins for Concrete Nailer GNB18V-12 (NB-063, NB-075, NB-100, NB-125, NB-150, NK-138, NM-050, NB-063, NM-075)
Compatibility – Concrete pins are designed to work with the GNB18V-12N concrete nailer as well as with most major concrete nailer tools
Material Use – Pins are designed for use in A36 and A572 steel, concrete, CMU block and sand-lightweight concrete over metal deck
Grinding Solutions
18V X-LOCK Brushless 4-1/2-5 In. Angle Grinder with Paddle Switch (GWX18V-10PN) and 5 In. Tuckpoint Guard Accessory (TG503)
X-LOCK wheel change – Features click-in mounting and a grinder wheel release lever for a change-out that's up to five times faster than standard grinders
Kickback Control – Shuts the grinder off if the tool accidentally drops on the floor
Updated Gearhead Mounting Collar – Mounting collar on the gearhead is now compatible with Bosch metal and concrete guards
Tuckpoint Guard Accessory (TG503) - also compatible with spindle wheel grinders in addition to X-LOCK
Drywall Sanding Solutions
9 In. Drywall Pole Sander Kit (GTR55-85)
Ultra-Flexible Head – Reduces the risk of damage to the surface and helps enable effortless movement across surfaces
Ceiling Suction Mode – Helps reduce the weight of the tools while working overhead
T-Handle Grip – Provides a better and more adaptable grip to help reduce arm-strain, especially overhead
Quick-Release Extension Pole – Adapts the length of the sander when switching from ceilings to walls and the subtracting extension removes excess weight
Heat Application Solutions
18V Heat Gun (Bare Tool) GHG18V-50N
Quick Heat-Up Time – Provides a max temperature of 930⁰ F and can heat-up to 570⁰ F in six seconds
Lockout Switch – Prevents accidental activation when traveling or not in use
Temperature Switch – Offers two temperature settings to switch heat levels, supporting a variety of applications
Measuring Solutions – Not included in 18V Limited Warranty
BLAZE™ 100 Ft. Laser Measure (GLM100-23)
Easy-To-Read Graphic Display – Illuminates numbers with distinct resolution and allows for work in low/no-light conditions for easy readability
User Friendly Layout – Features two-button operation, one to measure and one to round
Rounding Button – Allows user to easily round the measurement result from ½ In. up to 1/32 In.
Compact Design – Easy to carry and fits in a pocket
Drilling Solutions– Not included in 18V Limited Warranty
Porcelain Diamond Drill Bits (DDB14, DDB516, DDB38, DDB12)
Built-in Wax Insert Tip – Lubricates and cools the hole without the need for water
Dry-Drilling Bit Design – Allows for drilling with two hands, providing more control and precision
High-Quality Diamonds – Helps provide ease of use when drilling into porcelain, as well as up to 10x life in porcelain versus standard glass and tile bits
Vacuum-Brazing Technology – Process fuses high-quality diamonds to the bit tip.
Charging Solutions
18V USB Portable Power Adapter (GAA18V-48)
18V Battery Compatibility – Works with Bosch 18V Lithium-Ion batteries to deliver power to any 5V USB or 12V DC device(s)
Dual Charging Ports – USB ports charge two devices simultaneously
Heated Workwear Compatible Port – Port is compatible with Bosch battery operated heated gear, keeping workers warm on long, cold days
For more information on the new Bosch Power Tools products, visit our Press Room at pressroom.boschtools.com or connect with Bosch Power Tools on Facebook and Instagram.
About Bosch
Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs nearly 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). According to preliminary 2022 figures, Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 420,000 associates worldwide (as of Dec. 31, 2022). The company generated sales of $93.1 billion in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group's strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is "Invented for life." The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch's global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. The basis for the company's future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs roughly 84,800 associates in research and development, of which more than 44,000 are software engineers. In North America, Bosch employs approximately 3,500 associates in research and development.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
SOURCE Bosch Power Tools

The Internet of Things (IoT) has become an awe-inspiring reality rather than a futuristic concept. With billions of devices connected globally, businesses in all industries embrace IoT technologies to drive innovation, enhance operational efficiency, and provide exceptional experiences to their target audiences.
By leveraging the power of IoT, organisations can tap into new possibilities, streamline processes, and gain a technological edge in this digital ecosystem.
According to a recent report by IoT Analytics, the global number of IoT connections grew by 18% in 2022, reaching 14.3 billion active IoT endpoints.
The report predicts a further 16% increase in 2023, resulting in 16.7 billion connected IoT devices worldwide. These statistics highlight IoT technology’s ongoing expansion and adoption across industries, indicating its potential for continued growth.
A Statista report also suggests that the global IoT revenue is expected to reach $2,227 billion by 2028, witnessing a CAGR of 13.60% from 2023 to 2028. Thus, now is the right time if you, too, wish to leverage the increasing market share of the IoT ecosystem for your business and get maximum ROI.
Selecting a reputable IoT development company becomes paramount when embarking on an IoT project that will bring your idea to life. Collaborating with such a company ensures that your project is in capable hands, benefiting from their expertise and track record in delivering outstanding IoT solutions.
This article will feature a list of IoT app development companies in the US that can help you streamline your business process by tapping into the world of connected devices.
1. Appinventiv
Appinventiv is a renowned digital solution provider in the US that boasts a large team of over 1000 skilled IoT developers. Established in 2015, the company has garnered recognition in the industry through its impressive portfolio, showcasing the expertise of its software professionals across varied verticals.
The organisation has been honored with the prestigious “Tech Company of the Year” title by the Times Business Awards 2023.
Appinventiv is a leading IoT app development company whose comprehensive range of IoT software development services encompasses IoT consulting, IoT app development, IoT wearable connectivity development, IoT testing and maintenance, and AIoT, among others.
2. IBM
IBM is another of the top IoT software development companies in the US that has been in the game for a long time. The organisation was founded in 1911 and provides a wide range of services and solutions to businesses across the globe.
Their IoT offerings include services such as IoT platform development, device management, data analytics, and security solutions. Their business solutions allow businesses to connect, manage, and analyse data from numerous devices, enabling advanced insights and automation.
3. Accenture
Being a global technology company, Accenture has been providing various IoT software development services, including IoT strategy and consulting, solution architecture, development and implementation, data analytics, and cybersecurity.
Founded in 1989, Accenture offers business solutions that extract valuable insights from data and optimize processes to drive innovation and efficiency.
4. Cisco
Cisco is another recognized organization that offers comprehensive IoT development services in the USA. The company was launched in 1984 and offers its clients IoT solutions across various industrial domains, which involve networking infrastructure, edge computing, security, data analytics, and IoT platform development.
It empowers businesses to leverage the full potential of the IoT ecosystem, navigate the connected world, and achieve digital growth.
5. Oracle
Oracle is a leading IoT services provider that offers a wide range of IoT solutions to organizations that are seeking digital transformation. With a strong industry presence, Oracle has been delivering innovative services since its establishment.
Their IoT offerings encompass network infrastructure, data analytics, edge computing, security solutions, and IoT platform development. These comprehensive services cater to various industries, enabling businesses to connect devices and derive valuable insights from data effortlessly.
6. Infosys
Infosys is a multinational IT services company founded in 1981 that offers a comprehensive range of IoT services to enable organizations in their digital transformation journey.
Their IoT services encompass the likes of IoT consulting, solution architecture, IoT application development, IoT data analytics, and IoT security. By leveraging their expertise, businesses can seamlessly navigate the complexities of the IoT ecosystem.
7. PTC
PTC has been one of the leading players in the US software industry for the past three decades. With an employee base of more than 10,000 skilled professionals, PTC is committed to providing cutting-edge IoT services and solutions.
By leveraging their vast expertise and industry knowledge, PTC enables organizations to tap into the potential of connected devices and explore new opportunities in the digital ecosystem. Their services include IoT platform development, device connectivity, data analytics, remote monitoring, predictive maintenance, etc.
8. Oxagile
Oxagile is a leading IoT development company that offers a wide range of services to help businesses with their IoT projects.
From initial consulting to developing IoT software, creating hardware prototypes, integrating systems, and continuously improving solutions, Oxagile covers the entire development process.
With their expertise in technologies like AI, ML, computer vision, and big data, they deliver innovative and connected solutions for various industries.
9. GE Digital
GE Digital is a prominent IoT software development company in the US offering a comprehensive suite of solutions to facilitate businesses’ digital transformation journey.
Their IoT services revolve around real-time data analytics, predictive maintenance, remote monitoring, and asset performance management.
By leveraging the potential of connected devices and advanced analytics, GE Digital empowers businesses to acquire valuable insights, make well-informed decisions, and unlock fresh avenues for growth.
10. Bosch IoT
Bosch IoT Suite is a division of Bosch that offers IoT services such as IoT device connectivity, data management, cloud platforms, analytics, and application development.
Their solutions cater to diverse industrial domains such as manufacturing, automotive, agriculture, energy, and smart homes. Businesses can gain a competitive edge in the digital era by leveraging their custom digital solutions.
A diverse array of IoT devices spans from intelligent thermostats that regulate home temperatures to wearable fitness trackers that monitor our well-being. These devices weave a web of connectivity, ushering in a realm of enhanced efficiency, safety, and convenience in our lives.
As the prevalence of IoT devices continues its upward trajectory, it reshapes our interaction with the world in remarkable and unconventional ways. Here are several compelling statistics attesting to this transformation:
Projections indicate that the thriving IoT device market could attain a staggering value of $1.4 trillion by 2027.
Hardware constitutes 30% of the aggregate value within IoT technology.
A significant 63% of consumers regard connected devices with a sense of unease, labeling them as “creepy.”
The average smart home potentially faces more than 12,000 cyberattacks in a single week.
The count of active IoT devices is projected to surge beyond 25.4 billion by the year 2030.
An overwhelming 85% of respondents affirm earmarking budgets for IoT ventures, with 30% confessing their reliance on smart devices is irreplaceable.
Curiously, 56% of respondents admit to not maintaining an inventory of IoT devices, while an even larger 64% neglect to track IoT applications.
A notable 63% of consumers express apprehension about connected devices, largely driven by concerns over data gathering practices.
In 2020, the consumer electronics sector dominated the landscape, accounting for 63% of all installed IoT units.
A Mere 35% of IoT initiatives aim exclusively to boost revenue, whereas 24% concurrently prioritise augmenting overall safety.
A substantial 77% of industry leaders hold the conviction that IoT technology will revolutionize conventional office spaces into intelligent work environments.
Extended IoT Software Development Company Summary
Selecting the right IoT app development company from the list we have just shared can significantly impact the success of your digital transformation efforts.
By partnering with the right firm, you can confidently embark on your digital journey, knowing that you have a capable ally by your side.
The projected growth of IoT revenue indicates a substantial increase to $2,227 billion by 2028, with a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 13.60% between 2023 and 2028.
Our top 10 companies stand as prominent players in the IoT software development landscape, known for its expertise, innovation, and commitment to delivering impactful solutions.
With a track record of successful projects and a strategic vision for the future, these companies are poised to shape the evolution of IoT technology across industries.

From November 14 to 16, leading businesses from the automation industry will meet in the German city of Nuremberg for the Smart Production Solutions (SPS) 2023 trade fair. More than 1,200 exhibitors from around the world are expected to attend the 32nd edition of SPS, with 16 exhibition halls and a total exhibition space of around 120,000 square meters.
In addition to the classic, highly sought-after automation themes of control, drive, and sensor technologies, SPS 2023 will also focus on software & IT, which is becoming increasingly important in manufacturing. Some exhibitors will, among other things, discuss which automation functions will, in the future, most likely be provided directly on the machine, using edge computing, or even in the cloud. This development has been expedited by Siemens AG, for example, which introduced a purely cloud-based software variant of a programmable logic controller in the spring.
The Latest Innovations
Siemens
Siemens is set to showcase a range of innovative technologies at this year’s SPS, including motion control, industrial edge, and artificial intelligence (AI) says Rainer Brehm, Siemens AG’s CEO Factory Automation:
“These technologies are crucial for a more flexible and increasingly autonomous production process, and Siemens is committed to making them simple and applicable for everyone. With the new version 19 of Siemens AG’s Totally Integrated Automation (TIA) Portal, for example, engineering motion processes has never been easier. As the number of automated processes increases with growing product variety, machines and systems become more complex, making advanced motion control crucial for customers in terms of skill shortages and flexibility. Our TIA Portal integrates all motion core functions, including engineering, control, and machine drive technology.”
With the automation space impacted by a global shortage of skilled professionals such as programmers, Siemens is also using SPS 2032 to present its Simatic Motion Interpreter, explains Brehm:
“Similar to a navigation system, users simply enter a sequential description of the motion sequence they want to execute, and the Simatic Motion Interpreter programs the corresponding motion command.”
Siemens is set to showcase a range of innovative technologies at this year’s SPS, including motion control, industrial edge, and artificial intelligence. (Credit: Siemens)
Bosch Rexroth
Bosch Rexroth, a pioneering German supplier of drive and control technologies, is using SPS 2023 to present new developments in its ctrlX AUTOMATION automation system. According to Steffen Winkler, Bosch Rexroth’s Vice President of Sales, Business Unit Automation & Electrification Solutions,
“ctrlX AUTOMATION provides all hardware and software components for complete automation solutions – from controls and I/Os to motion, PLC and IoT functionalities, as well as drives and motors,” “Offering solutions for both simple and complex applications across numerous industries, ctrlX AUTOMATION works with modern app technology and is characterized by its openness and simplicity. This is reflected both in our operating system ctrlX OS, and in new products such as the linear motion system ctrlX FLOWHS.”
Automating and optimizing intralogistics processes is a key factor for the success of the so-called “Factory of the Future”. With the ctrlX FLOW product family, Bosch Rexroth offers easy-to-integrate solutions for optimum and highly efficient material and goods flows.
ChatGPT For Factory Workers
Siemens is also presenting concepts for the future of automation at SPS. The German firm is showcasing, for the first time, a concrete customer use case of generative AI in factory automation, with its Industrial Co-Pilot AI-based digital assistant operating as a kind of ChatGPT for factory workers, explains Rainer Brehm:
“By generating PLC code through natural language input, the Industrial Co-Pilot will enable automation engineers to create code more quickly. It will also help factory workers to operate machines, providing support in areas such as fault diagnosis. This will reduce the time they need to spend developing and operating equipment, which is particularly important given the shortage of skilled workers.”
According to Steffen Winkler, the increased integration of AI and machine learning is a key trend in the automation industry.
“AI enables the optimization of production processes and can deliver higher efficiency and quality. Automation suppliers are increasingly providing options for using AI in automation solutions.”
RELATED ARTICLE

Bosch Reaches Tampa Bay Baseball and Soccer Fans on the Jobsite and in the Stands
, /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Bosch Power Tools, announced the launch of two new partnerships with the Tampa Bay Rays Major League Baseball team and Tampa Bay Rowdies United Soccer League team, as the franchises' official power tools, power tool accessories, and measuring tools.
As spring begins, sports fans are eager to head back to the stands and watch their favorite local teams play. A new feature that fans will notice around Tropicana Field and Al Lang Stadium is the Bosch logo on the videoboards, broadcasting the brand's proud partnership with each team.
Bosch Power Tools becomes the official power tools, power tool accessories, and measuring tools for both the Tampa Bay Rays and Tampa Bay Rowdies franchises.
"Similar to our Bosch partner's 'What Hard Workers Deserve' motto, both the Rays and Rowdies' organizations strive to give those in the trades what they need – from a reliable tool on the jobsite to a relaxing night of entertainment when they visit the ballpark," said Anthony Rioles, Vice President of Corporate Partnerships at the Tampa Bay Rays. "We're excited to open our season with Bosch Power Tools at our side, as we work to create a positive experience for our fans every day."
Making its first foray into the Tampa Bay market, Bosch Power Tools looks forward to supporting these iconic teams as they provide excitement and fun for those in the trades, after a hard day's work. As the construction and trade industries stand at the heart of this community, Bosch Power Tools recognized Tampa Bay as the right city to show up in.
"We're looking forward to connecting with those in the trades, when enjoying time off the jobsite and in the stands. We're excited to partner with the Rays and Rowdies and cheer them on alongside their dedicated fans throughout the year ahead," said Shannon Blakely, Vice President of Brand Marketing and Digital at Bosch.
For more details on:
Tampa Bay Rays, visit mlb.com/rays.
Tampa Bay Rowdies, visit rowdiessoccer.com
Bosch Power Tools' products, visit pressroom.boschtools.com
About Robert Bosch Tool Corporation
Robert Bosch Tool Corporation, the Bosch Power Tools Division of North America, was formed in January 2003 when Robert Bosch GmbH combined its North American power tool and accessories businesses into one organization. As a manufacturing pioneer with more than a century's worth of experience, the Bosch name has become synonymous with engineering excellence. Throughout North America, Bosch associates maintain a legacy of world-class design, manufacture and sale of power tools, rotary and oscillating tools, measuring tools and accessories. For more information visit www.boschtools.com.
About Bosch
Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs nearly 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). According to preliminary 2022 figures, Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 420,000 associates worldwide (as of Dec. 31, 2022). The company generated sales of $93.1 billion in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group's strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is "Invented for life." The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch's global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. With its more than 400 locations worldwide, the Bosch Group has been carbon neutral since the first quarter of 2020. The basis for the company's future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs roughly 84,800 associates in research and development, of which more than 44,000 are software engineers. In North America, Bosch employs approximately 3,500 associates in research and development.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
Exchange rate: 1 EUR = 1.0538
About the Tampa Bay Rays
The Tampa Bay Rays mission is to energize the community through the magic of Rays baseball. The organization is committed to building a strong community bond through meaningful interactions and charitable donations and has proudly represented Major League Baseball since 1998.
About the Tampa Bay Rowdies
The Tampa Bay Rowdies are a member of the USL Championship. The team plays its home games at Al Lang Stadium in Downtown St. Petersburg. Originally founded in 1974, the Rowdies played in the original North American Soccer League and other various leagues from 1975 to 1993. After a hiatus, the Rowdies were revived and took the field again in 2010. The team has claimed two league titles, one in the inaugural 1975 season and another in 2012. The Rowdies have won two Eastern Conference titles since joining the USL Championship in 2017.
SOURCE Bosch Power Tools

In short
IoT sensors represented one-third of all sensors shipped in 2022, according to new research on the topic. The average IoT device now comes with four sensors.
5 sensor technologies are set to change the IoT sensor landscape in the coming years, i.e., 1. smarter sensors; 2. more power-efficient sensors; 3. soft and virtual sensors; 4. sensor fusion; 5. biosensors.
Why it matters?
The increasing penetration of IoT devices is leading to different technical requirements for sensor manufacturers (e.g., ultra-low power, smaller form factor, pre-processing, and connectivity).
50 billion IoT sensors and counting
The rise of the Internet of Things in recent years has gone hand-in-hand with the rise of sensors. On average, four new sensors are connected with every new IoT device that comes online. With approximately 14 billion current IoT connections, this means more than 50 billion connected sensors have been deployed. IoT sensor technology plays a crucial role in the IoT tech stack because these sensors collect data from the physical world and convert it into digital signals.
Market Snapshot: The IoT Sensor Market
One-third of all sensors shipped in 2022 were IoT sensors, meaning they were part of an IoT-connected device. According to the 136-page IoT Sensor Market Report 2022–2027, the market for IoT sensors reached $10.9B in 2022 and is predicted to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 16% in the next five years.
The market for MEMS-based IoT sensors is particularly strong and accounted for 50% of global sensor revenue in 2022. The leading companies in this market segment are Bosch Sensortec and ST Microelectronics.
The market for image sensors is also particularly important for the IoT because three of the most important IoT use cases drive its adoption, i.e., machine vision, connected surveillance cameras, and advanced driver-assistance systems for cars. Leading sensor vendors in this segment include Sony and AMS AG.
5 trending sensor technologies
There are several exciting technological innovations in the IoT sensor market. In this article, we highlight five IoT sensor technology trends that are set to change the IoT sensor landscape in the coming years.
1. Sensors are becoming smarter and can act as edge devices
Sensors are becoming increasingly advanced. Key IoT sensor technology innovations include a much higher computing capacity and the ability to detect signals from multiple discrete sensing elements. The industry refers to these more advanced devices as “smart sensors.” Instead of simply passing on the sensor signals to the next level in the value chain, smart sensors can process signals directly (e.g., validating and interpreting the data, displaying the results, or running specific analytics applications); in this way, sensors become edge devices.
The most advanced smart sensors are now also incorporating AI into their design. These sensors are designed for AI inference, which has numerous advantages, e.g., decisions can be made immediately, and sensitive data can be processed without sending it elsewhere and creating the risk of data theft.
Example: In January 2022, Amazon unveiled its Ring home security glass-break sensors, which utilizes AI technology and a Syntiant NDR101BQQF neural processor for detecting glass breaking directly on the sensor. The sensor accurately detects glass-break events, such as windows being smashed or cracked, up to 25 feet away and sounds an alarm on the spot.
2. Sensors become more power-efficient (e.g., for energy harvesting)
Ever more sensors use renewable energy sources to power themselves, such as solar or kinetic energy, thereby eliminating the need for battery replacement or another power source. This innovation improves the reliability and longevity of IoT devices, particularly those deployed in remote or inaccessible locations. These devices are self-sustainable and contribute to a reduction in the environmental impact of the entire system setup.
The use of energy harvesting is leading to changes in sensor design, making the sensors more power-efficient via the following changes:
Reducing the form factor. Using small ultra-low-powered microcontrollers (such as the STMico STM8L) sensors do not consume too much energy.
Improving the signal-to-noise ratio. To save energy, sensors can include a signal processing component that filters out noise or interferences so that they use their power in a targeted way that detects and measures the actual signal.
Example: Eco is a temperature and humidity sensor designed for use in indoor environments. It is powered by an indoor solar cell, which allows it to operate inside buildings without batteries or external power sources. The device can last up to 30 days in the dark due to its energy-efficient design and the use of a solar cell. The device is connected via LoRaWAN technology, which allows it to transmit data wirelessly over long distances using minimal power. This makes it ideal for use in various indoor environments, such as offices, warehouses, or factories.
3. Soft & virtual sensors increasingly complement physical sensors
In some cases, it is impractical or costly to install a physical sensor (e.g., in complex or hazardous environments). Upcoming alternative solutions include soft and virtual sensors.
A soft sensor is a computational algorithm that estimates the value of a difficult-to-measure quantity, based on other existing physical sensors and algorithms/computational models that infer the value of the measured quantity.
A virtual sensor is similar to a soft sensor, the difference being that its values are not based on existing physical sensors but purely on algorithms/computational models.
Example of a soft sensor: Rockwell Automation’s Predictive Quality software application creates predictive models that use real-time data from instruments and laboratory analyses to estimate process and product conditions. These models are based on historical plant data and act as inferential sensors to predict quality parameters (as an alternative to additional physical sensors) (Link).
Example of a virtual sensor: In 2021, Siemens developed a pocket-sized edge computer that can be attached to an asset (e.g., a motor) and help to calculate virtual sensor values. For example, the temperature can be calculated in real-time by feeding the latest operational motor data into the digital model. This operation needs neither an on-site thermometer nor any other actual sensor reading, as it relies on machine status parameters and a virtual model of the motor (Link).
4. Innovations around sensor fusion (particularly for autonomous driving)
Sensors are an essential component of autonomous vehicles, as they provide it with information about its surroundings. The vehicle’s onboard computer uses this information to navigate and make decisions. Three key sensors for autonomous driving include LiDAR, radar, and 3D cameras (image sensors). Major car OEMs, such as Mercedes, BMW, Volvo, and General Motors, have opted for LiDAR as a sensor for autonomous driving. Previously (prior to 2021), Tesla mostly relied on radar technology. Recently, however, the company began the transition to Tesla Vision (a camera-based system) by removing radar from the Model 3 and Model Y in 2021, followed by Model S and Model X in 2022.
Companies, including Sony, Mobileye, and Waymo, are currently focusing on IoT sensor technology innovation by combining cameras with other sensing technologies like LiDAR and radar to improve the image analysis of their autonomous driving solutions. As cameras, radars, and LiDARs sense different features of the environment, the idea behind this combination (also referred to as “sensor fusion” or “redundancy”) is to provide systems with a richer single-world model to decide a course of action or calculate an output. Overall, the sensors in an autonomous vehicle work together to provide a complete picture of the vehicle’s surroundings, enabling it to make safe and efficient driving decisions.
Example: Sony is relying on the benefits of using cameras with either LiDAR or radar for object recognition tasks in autonomous driving applications. For example, the company is currently working on a solution that combines camera and radar. This combination may be beneficial for recognizing people and vehicles at night. The camera and LiDAR combination is beneficial for parking assistance functions, which require highly accurate distance measurements (Link).
“Autonomous vehicles will only succeed when all of the technological pieces are built as a single integrated system, enabling synergies among all of its parts. It is a formidable task to build the full stack from silicon up to the full self-driving system–this is what Mobileye has set out to do.”
Prof. Amnon Shashua, CEO and Founder of Mobileye
5. Biosensors are becoming more mature (mostly for healthcare applications)
Biosensor and disposable sensor technology have matured in recent years and have been adopted in the healthcare industry. Recent breakthroughs in biosensor research suggest that this technology is also nearly market-ready in other sectors. The term “biosensor” is short for “biological sensor.” The bio element interacts with the tested analyte, and the transducer converts the biological response into an electrical signal. Depending on their application, biosensors are also known as immunosensors, optrodes, resonant mirrors, chemical canaries, biochips, glucometers, or biocomputers.
Example of a biosensor: Abbott FreeSTyle Libre is one of the most commercialized biosensor solutions for glucose monitoring. The FreeStyle Libre system currently has more than 3 million users globally. In Q2 of 2022, Abbot reported more than 25% organic growth in sales of FreeStyle Libre systems.
More detailed IoT sensors insights
IoT Sensors Market Report 2022–2027
A 136-page report detailing the market for sensors, with a specific focus on IoT sensors, incl. Sensor vs. IoT sensor definitions and market shares, industry deep dives, competitive landscape, and company profiles.
Download the sample to learn more about: the report structure, select definitions, frameworks, companies included, and additional data points.
The report answers questions such as:
What is the difference between a sensor and an IoT sensor?
What are the various ways to deploy an IoT sensor?
Who are the leaders in the sensor market and the IoT sensor market?
What is the size of the IoT sensor market compared to the sensor market?
What type of sensor has the highest market share and the highest growth rate?
Which regions have the highest market share for sensors and IoT sensors respectively?
Which industries are leading in terms of IoT sensor deployment?
What is the market size and growth trajectory of smart sensors?
Definition: IoT Sensor
IoT sensors are sensors that sit within connected devices which are classified as IoT devices (excluding smartphones, tablets, and computers). IoT sensors are designed to collect and transmit data directly/indirectly to the cloud or at the edge. These sensors can be integrated with equipment/devices, embedded with processing and communication capabilities, or implemented as standalone devices, where processing and key communication capabilities are pushed to the gateway. Many IoT applications require sensors with adapted specifications, such as low or high power, wireless connectivity, and smart sensing capabilities. This allows sensors to be used in various scenarios, from those requiring only a few data points per day to high-volume data streaming.
Related publications
You may be interested in the following publications:
Machine Vision Market Report 2022-2027
Industry 4.0 Adoption Report 2022
Industrial AI and AIoT Market Report 2021-2026
Related articles
You may also be interested in the following recent articles:
8 key technologies transforming the future of global supply chains
The top 10 IT/OT convergence trends—as showcased at SPS fair 2022
Evolution of cellular IoT modules since 2010: Eight new technologies and a 15x bigger market
Related market data
You may be interested in the following IoT market data products:
Global IoT Enterprise Spending Dashboard
Global Cellular IoT Module and Chipset Market Tracker & Forecast
Are you interested in continued IoT coverage and updates?
Subscribe to our newsletter and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter to stay up-to-date on the latest trends shaping the IoT markets. For complete enterprise IoT coverage with access to all of IoT Analytics’ paid content & reports including dedicated analyst time check out the Enterprise subscription.

In short
According to the IoT Gateway Market Report 2023–2027, the $0.9B industrial IoT (IIoT) gateway market experienced accelerated growth between 2021 and 2022, which is set to continue on the back of several favorable tailwinds.
IIoT gateways are enabling IT and OT convergence by securely and efficiently sharing data between floor-level OT equipment and IT equipment or the cloud—with implementation typically as part of one of four broader IoT architectures.
There are several IIoT gateway advancements e.g., in security, edge computing, and storage.
Why it matters
For IoT vendors: There is a longer-lasting market opportunity with the current IT/OT convergence trend.
For IoT adopters: Deploying the right IIoT gateway and configuring it correctly is important for seamless IT-OT convergence.
IIoT gateways are becoming the juncture for IT and OT convergence.
IIoT gateways: Market and role
The industrial IoT gateways market, which is led by companies such as Cisco, Siemens, Advantech, and MOXA, accelerated significantly from 2021 to 2022, growing ~14.7% to reach $860 million (38% of the overall IoT gateways market), and we forecast continued growth at least through 2027. The factors driving this growth include the following:
Connecting the unconnected. Many companies are retrofitting their legacy equipment with sensors and controllers, using IIoT gateways to perform necessary protocol and data transformation and transfer the data to an IT endpoint.
Software applications are migrating. Companies with connected equipment are moving some key applications to the cloud, with IIoT gateways emerging as the main nexus point for information flow in and out of industrial premises. Some applications are also now run locally on the gateway itself.
More powerful hardware. New, enhanced gateways with embedded multi-core processors, AI chipsets, and secure elements are enabling faster and more secure data processing and transmission (to an IT endpoint or cloud).
These factors reflect our assessment that IIoT gateways are becoming the juncture for IT and OT convergence.
Note: When we refer to IIoT gateways, we refer to (ruggedized) hardware that connects sensors, IIoT devices, and industrial equipment to cloud or on-premises servers or PLCs/IPCs operating on distinct industrial networks. For an exact definition, refer to our report.
How IIoT gateways connect the IT and OT worlds
Many companies maintain legacy equipment that does not have sensors or control devices. Even if the legacy equipment has sensors or controllers that connect locally, such as to a human-machine interface or panel PC on the factory floor, it may not offer connectivity options or use messaging protocols that end equipment (like an IT server or cloud) uses. Meanwhile, companies that possess IoT-enabled equipment may desire to move data off-premises (e.g., to remote IT equipment or the cloud) or enhance local data computation for automated responses before transmitting the data.
In cases like these, IIoT gateways can connect with standalone or integrated sensors—either wirelessly or wired through I/O module masters—to transmit data to IT or cloud servers. As described below, they fit within many architectures found in industrial IoT solutions.
IIoT gateways within IoT architectures
Whether a company builds or buys an IoT solution, the solution will align with an IoT architecture to collect and transmit data to the endpoint. While a direct sensor-to-cloud architecture does not require the use of an IIoT gateway, IIoT gateways are commonly found in 4 general types of IoT architectures.
1. Sensors/devices to PLC/IPC to IIoT gateway to cloud
In industrial environments with existing automation hardware, the sensors/devices to PLC/IPC to IIoT gateway to cloud architecture is very common. Field sensors or actuators are connected to I/O module masters. These I/O module masters transmit data to the on-premises PLC or IPC. The PLC/IPC is then connected to the IIoT gateway, which serves as a bridge between the PLC/IPC and the cloud.
This architecture can be very powerful but also potentially dangerous. The IIoT gateway can technically be configured to remotely access the entire architecture that sits below the PLC/IPC. While this setup enables any data to flow between IT and OT and thus any imaginable use case, it also has the biggest potential attack surface (potentially the entire facility), e.g., in case of a misconfigured security architecture.
2. Sensor to I/O modules to IoT gateways to cloud
In the sensor to I/O module master to IoT gateways to cloud architecture, simple sensors connect to I/O module masters. The I/O module master then uses wired or wireless connectivity standards to transfer data to IIoT gateways, bypassing any PLC or IPC. This architecture proves to be highly effective in scenarios where multiple sensors are arranged into clusters—the I/O module master acts as the central node for each cluster of sensors, efficiently gathering and transmitting data to the cloud via an IIoT gateway.
3. Sensors in devices to IoT gateway to cloud
In the sensors in devices to IoT gateway to cloud architecture, devices equipped with single or multiple onboard sensors are connected directly to the IIoT gateway. This architecture is often deployed where non-standalone IoT devices are used (i.e. devices that cannot connect to the internet by themselves).
4. Sensors to IoT gateway to cloud
In the sensors to IoT gateway to cloud architecture, IIoT gateways enable connections between sensors and cloud servers directly. This architecture can for example be found when retrofitting specific sensors on an asset (e.g., for condition monitoring) with the desire to bypass all other existing networks (to not interfere with them and create a new security risk).
Advancements in the capabilities of IIoT gateways
As IIoT gateways have become more common in IIoT solutions, they have become capable of offering more for their users. In general, IIoT gateways typically offer 8 key functions:
Protocol translation
Data management
Device management
Computation
Communication
Resource management
Security management
Managing quality of service
As the IIoT gateway market has grown, these functions have advanced. The following are just some examples of advancements.
“A growing number of customers [are] requiring proof of security level from manufacturers for their industrial IoT equipment.”
Security management
As the number of connected devices continues to increase, the risk of cyberattacks and unauthorized access becomes more significant. This is especially true for companies looking to connect factory equipment to external IT or cloud servers. Fortunately, to address these risks, IIoT gateway vendors are proactively incorporating security features into their products and adhering to industry-specific regulations and standards, allowing OT monitoring and control to reside securely behind layers of policies and access controls.
A notable series of standards is IEC 62443, approved in 2021, which directs all IEC 62443-certified products to adhere to specific product development requirements from the early stages of design. This set of standards has become mandatory technical requirements in many countries, and according to Pascal LeRay, Head of Cyber Security at Bureau Veritas, “a growing number of customers [are] requiring proof of security level from manufacturers for their industrial IoT equipment.”
In our research, IIoT gateway companies noted the importance of incorporating security standards in their products. Teltronic’s CEO, Juan Ferro, stated that “[t]he sudden irruption of cybersecurity in the industry has been interpreted by Teltronic as an opportunity to improve both [our] products and associated processes,” adding that the pre-emptive adoption of security standards placed them ahead of other companies in their sector.
Along with standards, IIoT gateways are increasingly incorporating hardware security, using embedded secure elements either within processors or on the PCB/modules as trusted platform modules (e.g., TPM 2.0). Ultratronik’s A1 IoT gateway integrates NXP’s EdgeLock SE051 secure element, and Eurotech’s RELIAGATE 10-14 series maintain IEC 62443-4-1, -4-2, and PSA Level 1 certifications and have a TPM 2.0 security chipset—OPTIGA TPM SLM 9670 from Infineon Technologies.
“The milliseconds of latency [between] an industrial robot and many real-time systems can be the difference between a safety hazard and a productive assembly line.”
Computation
IoT gateways in general have trended toward more processing power. In industrial solutions, this has helped companies move data processing and computation toward the solution’s edge—nearer to the data collection point—saving them bandwidth and communications power and freeing their IT and cloud servers to manage other tasks. Additionally, there has been a trend of integrating AI chipsets into some IoT gateways to facilitate edge computing. A noteworthy example is AAEON’s AIOT-AVID IoT Video Analysis Gateway, which incorporates Intel’s Myriad X vision processing unit (VPU).
The ability to process and automate data in real time can mean much for a company’s bottom line, as one senior VP stated, “The milliseconds of latency [between] an industrial robot and many real-time systems can be the difference between a safety hazard and a productive assembly line.”
Data and resource management
Local data storage helps enable data processing at the edge. Further, some industrial use cases may call for data sorting and analysis before being transmitted to an IT or cloud server, either due to limited network connectivity or the desire for more efficient use of IT equipment.
The need for local data storage has led to eMMC flash memory and SSD solutions on IoT gateways in general. In mid-2022, Robustel launched three ARM-based IIoT gateways with varying DDR and eMMC sizes to meet application needs. A few months later, Compulab announced its IOT-GATE-RPI4, a Raspberry Pi-based IIoT gateway that offers up to 128 GB of eMMC memory and mPCIe slots for SSD storage expansion up to 256 GB. Other examples include MOXA’s AIG-301 series IIoT gateway with 16 GB of eMMC and Belden’s Hirschmann OpEdge-8D with 64 GB of SSD flash memory.
Device management
With integrated storage comes the ability to containerize applications for deployment on IoT gateways, including device management software. Traditionally, deploying applications on IoT gateways involved installing them directly on the equipment’s operating system, which had limitations in terms of scalability, flexibility, and ease of management. However, companies are increasingly using containerization as a deployment strategy for applications on IIoT gateways, offering platforms like Kubernetes and runtimes like Docker. These technologies provide a way to create lightweight and isolated runtime environments, known as containers, where applications can run consistently across various platforms and environments.
Many gateway OEMs are also building app stores with hundreds of ready-made applications that end users can deploy to their gateways (and in the cloud), such Bosch Rexroth’s ctrlX store, Siemens’s Industrial Edge Marketplace, and Advantech’s WISE-Marketplace.
Key Benefits of IIoT Gateways
In our analysis of 65 case studies, we identified numerous benefits of IIoT gateway implementations based on various use cases. The following are 3 of the main benefits companies cited.
1. Better IT/OT integration
Indeed, this is a key goal of implementing IIoT gateways, and our analysis shows that many companies have achieved this goal. A common goal of IT/OT integration is remote monitoring and response. As an example, Vitesco Technologies Italy used Zerynth’s 4ZeroBox, an on-premises IIoT system for real-time monitoring and predictive maintenance. This solution enabled Vitesco to predict pneumatic valve malfunctions 24 hours in advance, which reduced assembly downtime and increased productivity.
2. Reduced labor costs
IIoT gateways are often deployed for automation purposes and as such can reduce labor costs, human effort, and human errors. While Vitesco saw a 50% reduction in its manual labor requirement with its 4ZeroBox application, Colombian steel manufacturer Corpacero cut costs associated with repair labor after partnering with Senzary to deploy RotaryIQ and InsightsIQ solutions for predictive maintenance and remote machine management.
3. Energy savings
Enterprise energy management analytics software provider Wattics partnered with Kontron to use Kontron’s KBox A-101 as a central ‘edge node’ for Wattics Sentinel software at the customer’s site. It connects to the local energy grid and the Sentinel grid, facilitating meter configuration, reliable data collection, pre-processing, compression, and secure communication.
IoT gateway market outlook
With many companies seeking to either retrofit their equipment or enhance their IoT solutions, we have seen solid growth in the IIoT gateway market (8.1% CAGR) between 2018 and 2022, with acceleration specifically from 2021 to 2022. We assess that this trend will continue since use cases in manufacturing and certain applications continue to demand real-time processing, low latency, and secure data handling. Further, the following 5 trends, which are discussed in more depth in the IoT Gateway Market Report 2023–2027, support this assessment:
IoT gateways are becoming more modular, allowing IIoT gateway vendors to offer a range of options and configurations to meet customer needs and enable easy scalability.
IoT gateways are supporting more wireless connectivity options, such as secure cellular solutions with eSIM/iSIM technology, enabling IIoT gateways to handle multiple connected devices in an expanded perimeter of operations.
IIoT gateway vendors are collaborating to combine hardware and software solutions, simplifying deployments and reducing costs.
OT hardware is starting to consolidate (e.g., I/O module masters shifting to IIoT gateways)
Virtualization of workloads (e.g., virtual PLCs) allows IPCs and IIoT gateways to perform tasks that were previously tightly coupled to other pieces of hardware.
IIoT gateways play a pivotal role in bridging the gap between legacy machinery and modern systems, facilitating retrofits and brownfield installations. As industries strive for global connectivity and centralized management of OT devices, IIoT gateways will continue to play a major role in integrating operations across various locations.
What it means for IoT gateway vendors
5 key questions IoT gateway vendors should ask themselves based on the findings of the report:
Do our IIoT gateways remain compliant with updated security standards?
Do our customers require edge AI capabilities as a general offering?
Have we explored local data storage options to increase computation while decreasing latency?
Should we containerize our edge IIoT applications? And if so, how?
Are our general solutions enabling seamless IT/OT integration for customers? If not, should we focus on tailored solutions for our customers?
What it means for IoT adopters
5 key questions IoT adopters should ask themselves based on the findings of the report:
Have we assessed the various available IIoT gateways and their potential impact on our overall IoT strategy?
Which IoT architecture(s) are we using? Can an IIoT gateway offer improvements?
Do our current IIoT gateways meet current security standards? If not, what updates do we require to meet these standards?
Have we assessed the possible benefits of edge computing (e.g., automating controls locally based on the data)?
Should we leverage local data storage and containerized applications for better device management and updates?
More information and further reading
Are you interested in learning more about the IoT gateway market?
IoT Gateway Market Report 2023–2027
A 221-page IoT Gateway Market Report 2023–2027, including detailed definitions of IoT gateways, market projections, adoption drivers, competitive landscape, notable trends, and case studies.
Already a subscriber?
Browse your dashboard here →
Related publications
You may also be interested in the following reports:
Global Cloud Projects Report and Database 2023
IoT Sensors Market Report 2022-2027
Embedded World 2023—the Latest IoT Chipset and Edge Trends
Enterprise Augmented/Mixed Reality Market Report 2022–2027
Industry 4.0 Adoption Report 2022
SPS Fair 2022—the latest industrial automation trends
Machine Vision Market Report 2022-2027
Industrial Edge Computing Market Report
Related dashboard and trackers
You may also be interested in the following dashboards and trackers:
Global Cellular IoT Connectivity Tracker & Forecast
Global Cellular IoT Module and Chipset Market Tracker & Forecast
Global IoT eSIM Modules and iSIM Chipsets Market Tracker
Global IoT Enterprise Spending Dashboard
Related articles
You may also be interested in the following articles:
Mapping 7,000 global cloud projects: AWS vs. Microsoft vs. Google vs. Oracle vs. Alibaba
5 IoT sensor technologies to watch
The top 10 IoT chipset and edge trends—as showcased at Embedded World 2023
The top 10 IT/OT convergence trends—as showcased at SPS fair 2022
Subscribe to our newsletter and follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter to stay up-to-date on the latest trends shaping the IoT markets. For complete enterprise IoT coverage with access to all of IoT Analytics’ paid content & reports including dedicated analyst time check out Enterprise subscription.

Heavyweights in the semiconductor industry have joined together to create a new company to accelerate production of products based on the new open-source RISC-V (RISC-five; reduced instruction set computer-V) architecture. Robert Bosch, Infineon Technologies, Nordic Semiconductor, NXP Semiconductor, and Qualcomm Technologies will jointly invest in the new venture, which is headquartered in Germany. The initial focus will be on the automotive sector, but this will expand to include mobile and IoT, they said.
RISC-V is an open-source instruction set architecture (ISA) based on established reduced instruction set computer (RISC) principles. Unlike most other ISA designs, its is provided under royalty-free open-source licenses. Open source operating systems with RISC-V support are available, and the instruction set is supported in several popular software toolchains. A number of companies are offering RISC-V hardware.
A statement said: “The company will be a single source to enable compatible RISC-V based products, provide reference architectures, and establish solutions… At its core, RISC-V encourages innovation, allowing any company to develop cutting-edge, customized hardware based on an open-source instruction set. Further adoption of the RISC-V technology will promote even more diversity in the electronics industry – reducing the barriers to entry for smaller and emergent companies and enabling increased scalability for established companies.”
A bunch of quotes attended the press note, and explained the venture further, as below.
Jens Fabrowsky, executive vice president at Bosch, said: “Bosch is convinced that initiatives promoting the RISC-V open specifications will bring the global mobility market a significant step further. The initiative now planned will greatly help to establish a reliable and efficient EU-based semiconductor ecosystem.”
Peter Schiefer, president of automotive at Infineon, said: “As vehicles become software-defined and dependability requirements increase due to electrification and connectivity, for example, as well as through trends like autonomous driving, there is a general need for standardization and ecosystem compatibility across the industry, with CPUs being a key IP. We are proud to support the establishment of trusted RISC-V based automotive products with this initiative. The knowledge and expertise of leading market players will unleash the full potential of RISC-V in the automotive sector.”
Svein-Egil Nielsen, chief technology officer at Nordic Semiconductor, said: “Nordic Semiconductor is a committed and enthusiastic supporter of the RISC-V initiative and stands ready to drive the project forward. Nordic’s IoT solutions represent the leading edge of low power wireless technology and to retain that position it’s critical we maintain continuous access to efficient and powerful embedded microprocessors. An open collaboration with like-minded companies to continually enhance innovative RISC-V microprocessor IP and ensure a robust and reliable supply of the technology is the ideal answer to this challenge.”
Lars Reger, chief technology officer at NXP, said: “NXP is proud to be part of a new EU-based joint endeavor to pioneer fully certified RISC-V-based IP and architectures, initially for the automotive industry. The creation of a one-stop-shop ecosystem where customers can select turnkey assets will strengthen the adoption of RISC-V across many European industries,. We thank the Artificial Intelligence Center Hamburg (ARIC) e.V. for their support of this collaboration.”
Ziad Asghar, senior vice president of product management at Qualcomm, said: “We are excited to come together with other industry players to drive the expansion of the RISC-V ecosystem through development of next-generation hardware. Qualcomm Technologies has been investing in RISC-V for more than five years and we’ve integrated RISC-V micro-controllers into many of our commercial platforms. We believe RISC-V’s open-source instruction set will increase innovation and has the potential to transform the industry.”
James Blackman
James Blackman has been writing about the technology and telecoms sectors for over a decade. He has edited and contributed to a number of European news outlets and trade titles. He has also worked at telecoms company Huawei, leading media activity for its devices business in Western Europe. He is based in London.

New Multi-Brand Battery Alliance to Provide Power Tool Users with Maximum Power, Reliability, and Tool Compatibility
, /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Bosch Power Tools, with founding partners; FEIN and Rothenberger, announced the launch of AMPShare – Powered by Bosch now available in the U.S. and Canada. This global multi-brand battery alliance advances these companies' shared vision for battery efficiency, offering trade professionals the best and widest reaching 18V power system that's compatible across brands, applications, and even countries. This launch expands on the previously launched AMPShare platform in the EU in 2022.
Bosch Power Tools announces the launch of AMPShare – Powered by Bosch in the U.S. and Canada with founding partners, FEIN and Rothenberger, providing workers with a powerful multi-brand battery platform to build on.
"At Bosch, we remain committed to making hard work easier for professional workers by delivering quality products, offering full-system solutions and equipping a truly cordless jobsite," said Robert Hesse, President and CEO of Robert Bosch Tool Corporation. "AMPShare is the creation of our common vision to create power efficiencies for workers, no matter the task at hand, and pushing industry technology forward. It's a cordless system that professional workers can build on."
AMPShare – Powered by Bosch will be launching in the U.S. and Canada with founding partners; Bosch Power Tools NA, FEIN Power Tools US, and Rothenberger USA. In addition to these founding partners, 12 additional brands join the Alliance with products launching in 2023 and/or 2024: HONSEL, Ledlenser, Mato, Medmix Cox and MK, Orgapack and Signode, PerfectPro, Steinel, Bosch Rexroth Corp, Titan, and Wagner.
The AMPShare battery is the current Bosch 18V battery that workers in the U.S. and Canada have relied on. The physical batteries have been updated to include the AMPShare branding. Alliance member brands are adopting this battery platform for selected tools, thus increasing the platform's compatibility by allowing professionals to use the same powerful 18V battery platform with additional cordless tools.
Through the AMPShare – Powered by Bosch alliance, the founding partners are setting industry standards built for workers. "As a leading manufacturer in our industry, our team at Rothenberger is proud to bring an expertise in joining, installing, and maintaining pipes to the AMPShare alliance," said Kevin Rewerts, President and Managing Director at Rothenberger USA. "Focused on creating maximized value for our user through the quality of our products, AMPShare allows us to provide the best pipe tools, including batteries, with extended compatibility and leading technology to power a range of products."
For the team at FEIN, the AMPShare – Powered by Bosch alliance represents another milestone within its collaboration with Bosch Power Tools, following the joint-creation of the Starlock universal mount system for oscillating multi-tools in 2016. "AMPShare is a natural evolution of our partnership with Bosch, with whom we share the drive to discover and elevate powerful solutions," said Bill Craig, President of FEIN Power Tools U.S. "Through AMPShare, we can strengthen our lineup of cordless tools and reinforce our vision. We look forward to bringing that to users across the North American market throughout 2023."
Features and Benefits
A battery platform to build on, the AMPShare – Powered by Bosch alliance aims to make the tough workday easier and promote a cordless jobsite. The AMPShare – Powered by Bosch battery system offers advantages including extensive compatibility, advanced battery design and fast charging to support workers across a variety of applications.
Compatibility: The AMPShare – Powered by Bosch batteries are compatible with select and newly launching tools in the multi-brand alliance, including the current and future Bosch 18V system.
Leading Battery Technology: Within the AMPShare System, a range of batteries with CORE18V technology delivers an optimal power-to-weight ratio, high-power performance, and COOLPACK 2.0 heat management technology for longer lifetime compared to AMPShare batteries without this technology.
Professional Expertise: Created by the expert brands in their respective fields, users can be confident in the AMPShare – Powered by Bosch system when used across applications.
Save Time, Money & Space: Leveraging AMPShare batteries across applications and tools allows users to save space in their toolbox, as well as time and money through fewer battery and charger purchases.
The AMPShare branded battery platform will begin rolling into various retailers and distribution partners throughout the U.S. and Canada beginning in June. Current Bosch Power Tools batteries and AMPShare alliance products are compatible with the AMPShare battery, as well as future Bosch Power Tools products launched in 2023 and beyond. FEIN users will be able to use the AMPShare battery system on MULTIMASTER 500 and 700 oscillating multitools to start, with additional tools in various categories coming soon. Rothenberger will offer AMPShare compatibility on select battery-powered products including its press tool, bending tool and vacuum pump in 2024.
Power tool users are encouraged to stay tuned for specific brand announcements on tool compatibility with the AMPShare platform from current alliance-member brands and those to join.
For more information on AMPShare – Powered by Bosch, visit AMPShare.com/us/en or the Bosch Power Tools Press Room at pressroom.boschtools.com.
About Robert Bosch Tool Corporation
Robert Bosch Tool Corporation, the Power Tools Division of North America, was formed in January 2003 when Robert Bosch GmbH combined its North American diverse power tool and accessories businesses into one organization. As a manufacturing pioneer with more than a century's worth of experience, the Bosch name has become synonymous with engineering excellence. Located throughout North America as part of the global power tools division, Robert Bosch Tool Corporation associates maintain a legacy of world-class design, manufacture and sale for power tools, rotary and oscillating tools, accessories and measuring tools. For more information, call toll-free 877-BOSCH-99 (877-267-2499) or visit www.boschtools.com.
About Bosch
Having established a presence in North America in 1906, today the Bosch Group employs nearly 37,000 associates in more than 100 locations in the region (as of Dec. 31, 2022). According to preliminary 2022 figures, Bosch generated consolidated sales of $15 billion in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. For more information visit www.bosch.us, www.bosch.ca and www.bosch.mx.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services. It employs roughly 420,000 associates worldwide (as of Dec. 31, 2022). The company generated sales of $93.1 billion in 2022. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT provider, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, Industry 4.0, and connected mobility. Bosch is pursuing a vision of mobility that is sustainable, safe, and exciting. It uses its expertise in sensor technology, software, and services, as well as its own IoT cloud, to offer its customers connected, cross-domain solutions from a single source. The Bosch Group's strategic objective is to facilitate connected living with products and solutions that either contain artificial intelligence (AI) or have been developed or manufactured with its help. Bosch improves quality of life worldwide with products and services that are innovative and spark enthusiasm. In short, Bosch creates technology that is "Invented for life." The Bosch Group comprises Robert Bosch GmbH and its roughly 440 subsidiary and regional companies in some 60 countries. Including sales and service partners, Bosch's global manufacturing, engineering, and sales network covers nearly every country in the world. The basis for the company's future growth is its innovative strength. At 128 locations across the globe, Bosch employs roughly 84,800 associates in research and development, of which more than 44,000 are software engineers. In North America, Bosch employs approximately 3,500 associates in research and development.
Additional information is available online at www.bosch.com, www.iot.bosch.com, www.bosch-press.com, www.twitter.com/BoschPresse.
SOURCE Bosch Power Tools

(Image credit: Getty Images)
Arm has acquired a minority stake in Raspberry Pi in a bid to entice Internet of Things (IOT) developers.
Neither organization is yet to confirm the size or value of the stake. However, the deal builds on an existing partnership between the two firms that dates back to 2008.
Arm CPUs have featured in all Raspberry Pi products to date, including the recently-launched Raspberry Pi 5.
Paul Williamson, SVP of Arm's IoT business said the aim of the deal is to consolidate its position with the IoT developer community and drive the creation of IoT solutions.
“Arm and Raspberry Pi share a vision to make computing accessible for all, by lowering barriers to innovation so that anyone, anywhere can learn, experience and create new IoT solutions," he said.
"With the rapid growth of edge and endpoint AI applications, platforms like those from Raspberry Pi, built on Arm, are critical to driving the adoption of high-performance IoT devices globally by enabling developers to innovate faster and more easily."
Raspberry Pi has evolved somewhat from its early days supplying a device for hobbyists and children, and now counts a growing number of industrial and commercial firms among its customers.
The devices' low power consumption makes them particularly popular in mobile and IoT devices.
“Arm technology has always been central to the platforms we create, and this investment is an important milestone in our longstanding partnership," says Eben Upton, CEO of Raspberry Pi.
"Using Arm technology as the foundation of our current and future products offers us access to the compute performance, energy efficiency and extensive software ecosystem we need, as we continue to remove barriers to entry for everyone, from students and enthusiasts, to professional developers deploying commercial IoT systems at scale.”
Raspberry Pi slices are going fast
The deal follows similar minority investments earlier this year from Sony, which manufactures many boards under contract for Raspberry Pi at a facility in Wales, as well as from Lansdowne Partners and Ezrah Charitable Trust.
Last month, the company said it was considering floating on the London Stock Exchange with a £409 million valuation. The move follows a postponed float in 2021 due to poor listing conditions and global chip shortages.
While Raspberry Pi has used Arm chips in its devices from the get go, there has been rumbling speculation that this might change.
RELATED RESOURCE
(Image credit: Harrison Photography)
BCDR buyer's guide for MSPs
Choose a business continuity and disaster recovery solution
that offers recovery for physical and virtual servers

DOWNLOAD NOW
Five years ago, the company signed up to the RISC-V Foundation, a non-profit dedicated to promoting the free and open-source RISC-V instruction set architecture.
It's becoming highly popular, with a group of chip firms including Qualcomm, Nordic Semiconductor, and Robert Bosch, forming a company to commercialize the architecture earlier this summer and encourage hardware development in the automotive sector, mobile and IoT sectors.
However, Raspberry Pi's deal with Arm makes a move to RISC-V highly unlikely any time soon, and gives Arm more credibility in its claims that RISC-V doesn't represent a significant threat.
Receive our latest news, industry updates, featured resources and more. Sign up today to receive our FREE report on AI cyber crime & security - newly updated for 2023.
Emma Woollacott is a freelance journalist writing for publications including the BBC, Private Eye, Forbes, Raconteur and specialist technology titles.
Most Popular

HERE Technologies
The HERE Technologies booth at CES in Las Vegas
The HERE Technologies booth at CES in Las Vegas
Mike Nefkens
Incoming HERE CEO Mike Nefkens
Amsterdam - HERE, the leading location data and technology platform, is pleased to announce the appointment of Mike Nefkens as its new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) effective January 2, 2024.
Mr. Nefkens brings a wealth of leadership and more than three decades of experience across technology, IT, software, cloud services, IOT, and automotive. He is the former President and CEO of Resideo Technologies, a publicly traded company (a Honeywell spin-off), and longtime executive at Hewlett-Packard. Mr. Nefkens served as President of HP Enterprise Services, responsible for a $20 billion P&L and 110,000 employees.
With a proven track record of driving customer satisfaction, B2B commercial growth and team culture, Mr. Nefkens is poised to lead HERE into its next chapter of innovation and market leadership across the fields of digital mapping, location data and technology.
HERE is backed by a world class group of shareholders which are Audi AG, BMW Group, Mercedes-Benz AG, Intel Corp., Mitsubishi Corp., Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corp. (NTT), Robert Bosch GmbH, Continental AG, and Pioneer Corp.
"I am honored to join HERE Technologies and work alongside an exceptional team of digital cartographers and geospatial data experts," said Mike Nefkens. "Location technology is used at the foundation of business applications across industries, guiding the efficient movement of people and goods, while fundamental to innovation such as electric and automated vehicle development, smart cities, and supply chain visibility. My commitment is to support and enable our customers, partners and developers, offering them the necessary tools to build and thrive in today’s world.”
Speaking on behalf of the HERE Supervisory Board, Chairman Pekka Ala-Pietilä said: “The Supervisory Board at HERE is confident that Mike Nefkens is the right leader to guide the company through its next phase of growth. His technology experience, strategic vision, leadership skills, and understanding of what it takes to build enterprise-grade applications, will contribute to the company's continued success.”
Customers of HERE include nearly every global automaker, leaders in e-commerce, transportation and logistics, and public sector agencies worldwide. HERE is the global market leader for automotive-grade maps designed to power navigation, advanced driving assistance, EV and automated driving systems.
Mr. Nefkens currently acts as a Senior Advisor and CEO Coach at Boston Consulting Group, and will be relocating to Amsterdam for this new role with HERE. He holds an MBA from Duke University and a BBA in Finance from the Texas Christian University.
Media Contacts
Jordan Stark
+1 312 316 4537
jordan.stark@here.com
Dr. Sebastian Kurme
+49 173 515 3549
sebastian.kurme@here.com
About HERE Technologies
HERE has been a pioneer in mapping and location technology for almost 40 years. Today, the HERE location platform is recognized as the most complete in the industry, powering location-based products, services and custom maps for organizations and enterprises across the globe. From autonomous driving and seamless logistics to new mobility experiences, HERE allows its partners and customers to innovate while retaining control over their data and safeguarding privacy. Find out how HERE is moving the world forward at here.com.
Attachments
The HERE Technologies booth at CES in Las Vegas
Mike Nefkens

Report Ocean has released a research study titled “IoT in Elevators Market.” This study offers precise economic forecasts, global assessments, and country-level insights. It provides a comprehensive view of the competitive market and includes an in-depth supply chain analysis to identify significant industry changes. The study explores the current market status, anticipated future growth, technological advancements, investment opportunities, market economics, and financial data. It thoroughly examines the market and offers insights based on a SWOT analysis of the industry.
IoT in Elevators Market is valued approximately USD 12.1 billion in 2019 and is anticipated to grow with a healthy growth rate of more than 16.00 % over the forecast period 2020-2027. Elevator companies have identified that elevator maintenance is one expense that costs huge amount to the companies. The emergence of internet of things (IoT) in application such as lighting control and HVAC towards a more granular approach payed the way for the IoT to be integrated with elevators and for efficiencies. Also, the capabilities of IoT technology allows to replicate predictive maintenance capabilities in the elevators and helps in managing large stream of performance data.
Request To Download Free Sample of This Strategic Report @https://reportocean.com/industry-verticals/sample-request?report_id=bw1617
Also, the IoT in elevators is gaining popularity for connectivity management, call management, preventive maintenance and advanced reporting. As a result, private companies are also making several efforts to launch new solutions for IoT in elevators market which would drive the growth of the market. Otis Elevator Company has launched its OTIS ONE IoT service platform. Within this new connected digital ecosystem, data is gathered directly from escalators and elevators via smart sensor technology. Rise in number of smart cities and smart construction projects along with the increasing focus on infrastructure development and modernization would drive the growth of the market during the forecast period of 2020-2027. According to the Open Connectivity Foundation in January 2019, as the internet of things continues to expand, the foundation to continue the mission of creating an open standard to ensure interoperability between these smart devices. The standards goals to bridge the gap between smart building by advancing the adoption of smart building IOT.
Major market player included in this report are:
Bosch GmbH
DOPPLER Manufacturing
Fujitec Co., Ltd
Gruppo Millepiani
Hitachi, Ltd
Honeywell International, Inc
Huawei Technologies Ltd
Hyundai Elevator Co., Ltd.
IBM Corporation
Otis Elevator Company
Download Free Sample of This Strategic Report with Industry Analysis @https://reportocean.com/industry-verticals/sample-request?report_id=bw1617
MARKET OVERVIEW
The IoT (Internet of Things) in elevators market has witnessed significant growth driven by technological advancements, increasing urbanization, and the demand for smarter, more efficient, and safer vertical transportation systems in buildings and infrastructure.
IoT integration in elevators involves the implementation of sensors, connectivity, data analytics, and remote monitoring capabilities to enhance elevator performance, predictive maintenance, energy efficiency, and passenger experience.
Elevator manufacturers and building management companies utilize IoT-enabled solutions to collect real-time data from elevators, monitor equipment health, track usage patterns, and identify potential issues before they become critical.
IoT-connected sensors and devices installed in elevators enable predictive maintenance by analyzing data on elevator components’ performance, detecting anomalies, and scheduling maintenance tasks proactively, reducing downtime and enhancing reliability.
Remote monitoring and diagnostics capabilities provided by IoT systems enable elevator technicians to access real-time data, perform troubleshooting, and address issues efficiently, improving service response times and reducing maintenance costs.
Elevator IoT solutions focus on improving passenger experiences by providing features like predictive call allocation, destination control systems, personalized services, and touchless interfaces, enhancing convenience and efficiency for users.
Challenges in the IoT in elevators market include concerns regarding data security and privacy, interoperability among different elevator systems, and the integration of IoT solutions into existing infrastructure.
Ongoing technological innovations in IoT sensors, cloud computing, edge analytics, and machine learning algorithms drive the development of smarter and more autonomous elevator systems capable of adapting to usage patterns and optimizing operations.
The future of IoT in elevators is poised for continued growth, with advancements focusing on improving energy efficiency, implementing more sophisticated predictive maintenance algorithms, and enhancing safety and security features.
As buildings become smarter and more connected, the IoT in elevators market is expected to expand further, offering innovative solutions that optimize elevator performance, improve passenger experiences, and contribute to more efficient and sustainable vertical transportation systems within urban landscapes.
The detailed segments and sub-segment of the market are explained below:
By Component:
Hardware
Software
Services
By Application:
Preventive Maintenance
Remote Monitoring
Advanced Reporting
Connectivity Management
Others
By End-User:
Residential
Commercial
Industrial
Get a Request Free Sample Full Report @https://reportocean.com/industry-verticals/sample-request?report_id=bw1617
By Region:
North America
U.S.
Canada
Europe
UK
Germany
France
Spain
Italy
ROE
Asia Pacific
China
India
Japan
Australia
South Korea
RoAPAC
Latin Americ
Brazil
Mexico
Rest of the World
Table of Contents:
Executive Summary
Introduction
Methodology
Market Overview
Market Analysis
Market Size and Forecast
Market Trends
Market Dynamics
Market Segmentation
Competitive Landscape
Competitive Scenario
Key Players
Regional Analysis
Regional Market Overview
Market Size and Forecast by Region
Product/Service Analysis
Product/Service Overview
Market Size and Forecast by Product/Service
End-User Analysis
End-User Overview
Market Size and Forecast by End-User
Industry Structure
Key Findings and Recommendations
Conclusion
Reasons to buy market research report:
Market Understanding:
Market research reports provide a comprehensive understanding of a specific market or industry.
They offer valuable insights into market size, growth trends, key players, competitive landscape, consumer behavior, and other important factors that influence the market.
Buying a market research report helps stakeholders gain a deeper understanding of the market dynamics and make informed decisions.
Business Planning:
Market research reports assist in strategic business planning. They provide data and analysis that can be used to assess market opportunities, identify potential risks, and develop effective business strategies.
Reports often include market forecasts, allowing businesses to anticipate future trends and plan their operations accordingly.
This helps organizations align their goals and resources with market demands, increasing the chances of success.
Market Entry and Expansion:
Market For businesses considering entering a new market or expanding their presence in an existing market, market research reports are invaluable.
They provide insights into market feasibility, target audience analysis, competitive intelligence, and regulatory requirements.
This information helps companies evaluate market potential, assess competition, and make informed decisions regarding market entry or expansion strategies.
Investment Decision-Making:
Market research reports are useful for investors seeking opportunities in specific industries or markets.
Reports provide detailed analysis and forecasts, helping investors assess the attractiveness and growth potential of a market.
They offer insights into industry trends, emerging sectors, and investment risks, enabling investors to make well-informed investment decisions.
Risk Mitigation:
Market research reports can help organizations mitigate risks associated with market uncertainty.
By analyzing market trends, competitive landscape, and consumer behavior, reports highlight potential risks and challenges.
This information allows businesses to proactively identify and address risks, adjust their strategies, and minimize potential negative impacts.
Marketing and Product Development:
Market research reports provide valuable information for marketing and product development purposes.
They offer insights into consumer preferences, buying behavior, and market segmentation, helping businesses tailor their marketing strategies and develop products that meet customer needs.
Reports also provide competitive analysis, enabling businesses to differentiate their offerings and position themselves effectively in the market.
Decision-Making Support:
Market research reports serve as reliable sources of data and analysis that support decision-making processes across various functions within an organization.
They provide stakeholders with evidence-based information to support their choices, whether in sales, marketing, product development, investments, or other areas.
Request Full Report @https://reportocean.com/industry-verticals/sample-request?report_id=bw1617
About Report Ocean:
We are the best market research reports provider in the industry. Report Ocean is the world’s leading research company, known for its informative research reports. We are committed to providing our clients with both quantitative and qualitative research results. As a part of our global network and comprehensive industry coverage, we offer in-depth knowledge, allowing informed and strategic business conclusions to report. We utilize the most recent technology and analysis tools along with our own unique research models and years of expertise, which assist us to create necessary details and facts that exceed expectations.
Get in Touch with Us:
Report Ocean:
Email: sales@reportocean.com
Address: 500 N Michigan Ave, Suite 600, Chicago, Illinois 60611 – UNITED STATES
Tel: +1888 212 3539 (US – TOLL FREE)
Website: https://reportocean.com

Company Logo
Dublin, Nov. 24, 2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The "Internet of Things (IoT) in Travel and Tourism - Thematic Intelligence" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.
IoT software market in travel and leisure to expand at a CAGR of 17% between 2022 and 2027 to $11 billion.
The Internet of Things, or IoT, describes the use of connected sensors and actuators to control and monitor the environment, the things that move within it, and the people that act within it. Enterprise spending on IoT across the travel and leisure sector is set to experience steady growth over the next few years. The total is set to reach $28 billion by 2027, up from $10 billion in 2019. Within the overall travel and leisure market, IoT software will dominate over the coming years.
The COVID-19 pandemic brought key IoT use cases to the attention of the travel and tourism industry. Airports, for example, used connected thermal cameras to detect potential COVID-19 infections or deployed sensors to monitor and cap occupancy in communal spaces on-site.
In this way, the pandemic increased the adoption of IoT, contributed to a positive attitude toward the technology, and catalyzed safety-enhancing innovations for both consumers and employees. And now, in the post-pandemic world, further IoT use cases continue to emerge that will enhance operational efficiency, reduce costs, improve decision-making, and improve customer experience across the sector.
Key Highlights
IoT is essential to digitalization in travel and tourism. Airlines, for example, can deploy the predictive maintenance capabilities of IoT systems to reduce the cost and downtime of aircraft repairs. This is just one of the many transformative use cases of IoT with this emerging technology ready to be employed across the travel and tourism value chain, for example, to manage crowds at popular attraction sites, personalize hotel stays, simplify airport navigation, and much more.
IoT can also assist in travel and tourism companies addressing ESG challenges. In the last decade, COVID-19 appeared as the top existential threat to the travel and tourism industry, but as companies recover, the challenge of ESG has returned to center stage. IoT can address ESG concerns in a host of ways from sensor-enabled smart lighting and thermostats that monitor and adjust the environment of lodgings to improve energy efficiency to IoT-enabled smart buildings that integrate energy-efficient technology throughout cities.
Scope
This thematic report provides an overview of the impact IoT has on the travel and tourism sector and the challenges it can help to address. The report further recommends how travel and tourism companies can deploy IoT solutions and where they should invest to stay ahead of this disruptive technology.
Several case studies are included in this report to analyze the multiple ways travel and tourism companies have used IoT thus far. The report also features alternative datasets to highlight the impact of IoT.
Reasons to Buy
Understand the current IoT trends within the travel and tourism industry and the role IoT solution could play in the daily operations of your business.
Assess how travel and tourism companies such airlines, cruise operators, and lodging providers, for example, are utilizing IoT.
The analyst's thematic research ecosystem is a single, integrated global research platform that provides an easy-to-use framework for tracking all themes across all companies in all sectors. It has a proven track record of identifying the important themes early, enabling companies to make the right investments ahead of the competition, and secure that all-important competitive advantage.
All across the travel and tourism supply chain, now have an opportunity to capitalize on IoT, and there are notable examples of this. Therefore, all should buy this report to fully understand how this theme will continue to be impactful in the future travel landscape.
Key Topics Covered:
Executive Summary
Players
The Impact of IoT on the Travel & Tourism Sector
The Impact of IoT on Travel & Tourism Challenges
Case Studies
Market Size and Growth Forecasts
Signals
Patent trends
Company filing trends
Hiring trends
IoT Value Chain
Physical layer
Connectivity layer
Data layer
App layer
Services layer
Companies
Sector Scorecards
Airlines sector scorecard
Airports sector scorecard
Attraction operators sector scorecard
Lodging sector scorecard
Glossary
A selection of companies mentioned in this report includes
AAC Technologies
Accenture
Accton
Actifio
ADT
Air France KLM
Airbus
Akamai
Amazon
Ambarella
AMD
AMS
Analog Devices
Apple
Arcadia Data
Arista Networks
Arm
Armis
Arup
BAE Systems
Baidu
Bentley Systems
Bharti Airtel
BigPanda
Black & Veatch
BMC Software
BMW
Boeing
Bosch
Broadcom
BT Group
C3.ai
Canon
Capgemini
Carnival Cruise Line
Celestica
Check Point Software
Chicony
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Ciena
Comcast
Continental
Control4
Copeland
Couchbase
CrowdStrike
Daimler
Darktrace
Dassault Systemes
DataTorrent
DataVirtuality
Dell Technologies
Deloitte
Delphix
Delta Air Lines
Denodo Technologies
Denso
Deutsche Telekom
Didi Chuxing
DJI
Domo
Dundas
DXC Technologies
EasyJet
EnterpriseDB
Extreme Networks
F5 Networks
Facebook
FICO
FireEye
Floow
Flughafen Zurich
Fortinet
Fujifilm
Fujitsu
Gafcon
Garmin
GE
HCL Technologies
Heathrow Airport
Here Technologies
Hikvision
Hilton Worldwide
Hitachi
Hitachi Vantara
Holitech Technology
HollySys
Honeywell
Honeywell
HPE
HTC
Huawei
Hyatt Hotels
IBM
iFlytek
Inspur
Intel
JD.com
JetBlue
Juniper Networks
Kakao
Kanematsu
KDDI
Keboola
Keyence
KNIME
Knowles
Konica Minolta
KT
Link Labs
Lite-On
Lockheed Martin
Lumen Technologies
Lytx
MapR (HPE)
MarkLogic
Marriott International
McAfee
McKinsey
MediaTek
Melia
Microchip
Microsoft
Netgear
Nikon
Nippon Ceramic
Nokia
Northrop Grumman
NTT
Nutanix
Nvidia
NXP
Okta
OnStar
OpenText
Panoply
Percona
Plantronics
Port Authority of New York And New Jersey
PostgreSQL
Precisely
Progress Software
PTC
Pure Storage
PwC
Renesas
Ricoh
Rockwell Automation
Rohm
Rokid
Royal Caribbean Cruises
Royal Schiphol Group
Rstudio
Ryanair
SAIC Motors
Salesforce
Samsara
Samsung Electronics
SAP
TDK
TE Connectivity
Telefonica
Telstra
Tencent
Teradata
Tesla
Texas Instruments
Thales
ThoughtSpot
TIBCO
Toshiba
Toyota
TraceSafe Technologies
Trend Micro
Tsinghua Unigroup
TSMC
Uber
Ubiquiti
VW
Yandex
ZTE
For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/i4ev50
About ResearchAndMarkets.com
ResearchAndMarkets.com is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets, key industries, the top companies, new products and the latest trends.
CONTACT: CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com Laura Wood,Senior Press Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./ CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900

At the first full-fledged CES event after the pandemic, the excitement was palpable. The event did not disappoint in terms of the variety of announcements across the internet of things (IoT) spectrum. Our teams, both on-ground and online, tracked over 260 announcements made by over 240 companies covering a range of segments across consumer, enterprise and industrial.
Devices formed the most popular category, with three out of every five announcements relating to this segment. As expected, the consumer and smart home sectors took center stage, but it was intriguing to see new launches in industry segments such as agriculture. Additionally, smart home, metaverse, augmented reality, healthcare and robotics were among the most talked about segments, attracting large crowds.
Here are the top 10 IoT announcements from this year’s CES, according to Counterpoint analysts:
1. Wi-Fi: MediaTek launches Genio 700, Wi-Fi 7 products
MediaTek introduced the Genio 700 IoT chipset targeting industrial, smart home and smart retail applications. This chipset will be available by Q2 2023. MediaTek also showcased Wi-Fi 7-supported products like gateways, mesh routers, televisions, streaming devices, smartphones, tablets and laptops partnering with TP-Link, Lenovo, Hisense, ASUS, BUFFALO INC, Skyworks, AMD, Qorvo, LitePoint and MAC MLO among others.
MediaTek is slowly diversifying its offerings beyond smartphones. The availability of products with superior capabilities and increased partnerships will help MediaTek increase its footprint in the IoT market.
2. Smart Home: TP-Link expands Tapo smart home products
TP-Link unveiled new products under its Tapo line of smart home devices. These new additions include cameras, a doorbell camera, a smart video door lock, robot vacuums and a smart hub home connection center. Besides, the company also launched its first Matter-certified smart plugs, smart switches, smart outlet extenders and smart bulbs. The launch of these products at CES 2023 highlights TP-Link’s focus on expanding and diversifying its offerings in the smart home market.
The company’s adoption of the Matter protocol for its Tapo and Kasa lines of smart home products shows its commitment to making smart home technology more accessible and user-friendly.
In addition to the smart home products, TP-Link also showcased Wi-Fi 7-supported router and gateway solutions for use in homes, enterprises and ISPs. The integration of Wi-Fi 7 will improve the gaming experience, as well as increase productivity in enterprise applications.
3. Asset Tracking: Pod introduces paper-thin tracker with SODAQ, Lufthansa
Pod Group, in partnership with SODAQ and Lufthansa Industry, has developed a paper-thin smart label tracking device that utilizes low-power cellular connectivity (LTE-M) for a battery life of up to six months. This sustainable, eco-friendly device uses alkaline batteries instead of lithium and has the potential to revolutionize the tracking and logistics industry by improving supply chain efficiency and reducing operational costs.
Similar efforts by SODAQ with Vodafone and Bayer utilizing NB-IoT technology have been observed, but the use of Low Power Wide Area Network (LPWAN) may be more beneficial as it targets a wider range of telecommunications operators.
4. Sensor: Bosch showcases sensor technology
Bosch Group subsidiary Bosch Sensortec presented a variety of new sensors at CES 2023. These offerings include an AI-enabled smart sensor system, magnetometer, barometric pressure sensor, and an air quality sensor. These sensors demonstrate advancements in power efficiency, accuracy and compact size, and aim to enhance the user experience by tracking personal health and fitness, providing accurate data and prolonging battery life.
Bosch has been a leading manufacturer of micro-electromechanical system (MEMS) sensors since 1995 and has produced over 18 billion units to date. It is also investing in quantum sensors, which can provide measurements that are significantly more precise than current MEMS sensors and enable more accurate diagnosis of neurological diseases. Additionally, the company is developing angular rate sensors that use the nuclear magnetic resonance of noble gas atoms and are optically pumped. These could prove to be highly precise and stable for navigation applications. Bosch believes that sensors will play a key role in IoT and continues to make investments in this area.
5. Modules: Quectel enables satellite connectivity, strengthens automotive module portfolio
Quectel is partnering with Skylo to integrate satellite connectivity into its 5G-ready BG95x/BG77x series of LPWA modules. This hybrid connectivity solution improves network coverage and makes it ideal for a variety of applications, such as trackers, wearables, smart cities and smart meters. Low-earth orbit (LEO) satellites are going to be a key for the non-terrestrial networks (NTN) coming up in 3GPP Rel17/18 in addition to the high-altitude platform system (HAPS).
Quectel also launched the AG59X series of automotive-grade 5G modules based on Qualcomm’s SA525M platform to support autonomous driving. The company has strong partnerships with Chinese automakers such as Li Auto, Nio and BYD, and this module will further strengthen its efforts to increase share in the automotive connectivity market.
6. AR/VR: Thundercomm unveils XR2 VR HMD, 5100 AR glasses and smart vending machine
Thundercomm, a joint venture between Thundersoft and Qualcomm, unveiled a VR HMD solution based on the Snapdragon XR2 platform and AR glasses based on the Snapdragon W5 platform. These products will not only provide flagship experience but also offer low power consumption, higher resolution and more wear comfort. The AR/VR space is heating up with the increased participation from leading technology and smartphone players such as Meta, Apple, HTC and Google. However, an early entry can be beneficial for Thundercomm.
The newly launched smart vending machine will help increase operational efficiencies for retailers. Moreover, this solution will improve the shopping experience and further extend retailers’ reach. Thundercomm is expanding its product lines to capture maximum value from both the consumer and enterprise IoT markets.
7. Robotics & Drones: Autel Robotics showcases EVO Max 4T drone
Autel Robotics has unveiled a new drone, the EVO Max 4T, which is capable of a variety of applications such as autonomous navigation, semi-autonomous flight missions, firefighting, and inspections. It is equipped with three high-quality cameras, capable of capturing footage from a distance of 1.2 km. Autel has also released the Dragonfish NEST infrastructure, which supports automated eVTOL systems, and the EVO NEST infrastructure, which can operate in all weather conditions.
Drones and eVTOLs will see higher adoption in the future with better efficiency in power consumption, security improvements and better regulatory compliances. These innovations will help Autel increase its presence in the enterprise market and remain competitive with companies like DJI.
8. Industrial IoT: ZVISION partners NVIDIA to improve industrial sensing
ZVISION, a provider of solid-state MEMS LiDAR solutions, is working with NVIDIA to use its robotics simulation platform Isaac Sim to develop advanced robot sensing capabilities and provide high-performance LiDAR solutions.
In Industry 4.0, robotics and simulation will play a key role. Its partnership with NVIDIA will allow ZVISION to expand its applications beyond vehicles, while also reducing costs and speeding up time-to-market for companies undergoing digital transformation. ZVISION offers both short- and long-range LiDAR options that can be tailored to various applications.
9. Platform: Tuya pushes PaaS 2.0, Cube for digital transformation
Tuya officially launched PaaS 2.0 to develop personalized solutions to fulfill global customers’ demands for “product differentiation and independent control”. For private cloud customers, it also unveiled Cube, an enterprise-level IoT platform deployment solution.
PaaS 2.0 is a unique innovation that can assist customers in reducing R&D costs and increasing product competitiveness. Tuya is focusing on public and enterprise cloud applications which are dominated by big cloud players like Alibaba cloud and Tencent cloud.
10. Healthcare: OMRON launches blood pressure monitor with ECG
OMRON introduced a new upper-arm blood pressure monitor with built-in ECG capabilities. This device aims to facilitate the early detection of heart disease by combining blood pressure monitoring and ECG technology. Utilizing home-monitored data, healthcare professionals will be able to provide early treatment and detect Atrial Fibrillation (AFib) at an early stage.
The company also announced the expansion of its digital healthcare apps with new features, such as the Personal Heart Health Coach and the Care Team within the OMRON Connect app. These new features will utilize AI technology to analyze vital data and provide patients with personalized guidance and exercise advice. OMRON’s innovative solution, leveraging technologies like AI, ML and IoT, will help healthcare professionals to better understand patient data through analysis.
Conclusion
CES 2023 has provided ample food for thought for industry executives. Each of the announcements made at the event has significant implications for the direction of the industry. For example, the satellite-related announcements made by chipset and module players could help IoT companies focus on new use cases. Additionally, with Wi-Fi 7 becoming mainstream and Matter-certified home products being rolled out, we can expect to see a significant uptick in demand for smart home products. These developments and more continue to shape the future of IoT and solidify the role technology plays in our daily lives. With more innovation, the possibilities are endless and we are excited to see how the industry will continue to evolve.
Related Reports
Unpacking the 5G AIoT Opportunity
Wi-Fi 6 Market Key Drivers, Challenges, Applications, Market Size, Outlook
iSIM-based Cellular Device Shipments to Cross 7 Bn Units During 2021-2030
Global Cellular IoT Module Forecast, 2019-2030
Global Cellular IoT Chipset Forecast, 2019-2030
Global Connected Car Installed Base, 2021
Global Telematics Control Unit Tracker Q1 2019 – Q1 2022
Global Automotive NAD Module and Chipset Forecast, 2018-2030
Global Passenger Vehicle Forecast, 2018-2030F
Quectel: Driving Towards Becoming a True IoT Company
Automotive LiDAR Market Trend and Implications 2022

Global technology firm Bosch partners in the launch of a new foundation that aims to provide $100 million in grants to fund Web3, AI and IoT development.
4864 Total views
28 Total shares
$100 million is being earmarked for a grant program funding the development of Web3, artificial intelligence (AI) and decentralized technologies in a partnership between Bosch and Fetch.ai.
The two companies are collaborating to create the Fetch.ai Foundation, which will aim to fuel industrial adoption of innovative software, AI and Web3 technologies. The initiative will fund research and develop decentralized technologies for real-world use cases.
Fetch.ai will provide $100 million in capital for grants to fund the long-term development of Web3-based solutions and services for the mobility, industrial technology and consumer industries. An announcement shared with Cointelegraph indicates that the grant program will invest in select companies and partners over a three-year period.
Fetch.ai is a Cambridge-based artificial intelligence firm developing a decentralized machine learning network that has worked alongside the global engineering and technology company Bosch. The latter provides a host of Internet of Things (IoT) solutions and notes that a strategic objective is to facilitate the development of AI-powered products and appliances. It is also exploring Web3 technologies as part of this ongoing endeavor.
The Fetch.ai Foundation board will feature members from both Bosch and Fetch.ai and will look to fund specific businesses and companies in the industrial AI space. Fetch.ai Foundation chairperson Peter Busch said Bosch is interested in harnessing developing technologies:
“Bosch as one of the worldwide leaders in industrial engineering and mobility solutions sees the huge need for smarter technologies and governance to cope with the challenges coming with ever more connected ecosystems regarding safety/security, privacy, and data ownership.”
Busch said that the combination of Web3, AI and open-source technologies with classic engineering is a key driver of the foundation’s mission through its grant program. Bosch and Fetch.ai first partnered up in February 2021 to launch a multi-purpose blockchain network focused on Web3 capabilities incorporating AI and IoT.
